Summer's Blackmail Ch. 10
bywilcox010©
(I am sorry that I have not written an update in the blackmail of the poor English teacher. I will hopefully get Chapter 11 started very soon as it is time for Summer to get her tattoos and for additional humiliations. This chapter 10 is all about her understanding how completely she has submitted to Todd and that she is willing to do what ever he demands/desires her to do. You hopefully will see her transformation. This is the end of Monday, which is only five days since Todd had begun his blackmail. Summer is now heading home after completing the tanning session administered by Sandy a former slut of Todd's).



Todd's phone beeped indicating that he had a text message. The message read, "Your slut has just left the salon, only blouse, skirt and heels on. Her lingerie is in a bag, egg inserted and tan looks good."

Todd looked at the clock on the front of Summer's oven in her kitchen. He had made a copy of her house key while Summer had been in Marcos' salon getting her piercings in her ears, nipples and cunt lips. Todd had been waiting patiently for the text message from Sandy, his slut from a few years back. Todd had caught her giving the school's janitor a blow job one day when he was staying after school. Sandy had been stripped down to her short heels and was bending over an athletic table in the school gymnasium. Todd had been able to get pictures of the event with his phone and was able to capture the moment that the janitor's huge cock erupted in Sandy's mouth. 

Using the pictures from that day had given Todd experience in managing, manipulating and exerting his power over a submissive woman. Sandy was two years older than Todd and she had not had the gumption to protest and fight Todd's hold over her and always complied with his demands because of the hold he had over her because of the pictures. Her father was a prominent lawyer and she could not afford to disgrace him in any way.

Sandy's part time job at the tanning salon had given Todd the opportunity to begin giving Summer's body a nice glow and to further exert his influence over her. Having Sandy there just gave him an additional vehicle to manipulate the poor English teacher.

Todd's phone beeped a second time and the text included a picture of Summer bending over at the waist with her hands spreading her ass cheeks. Todd could clearly see the two clit ring piercings and the thin outline of the tanning thong. Todd could also see the remnants from his black magic marker tattoo that he had given Summer in her classroom that morning which had read "I am" on one ass cheek and "A Slut" on the other.

Todd texted back, "Sandy my slut, you did a great job. I look forward to using you again real soon."

Todd saw that it was now 7:30 PM and he knew his slut was going to be terribly late, by his own design, but late just the same. It was time to make Summer fully understand her predicament, that there was no way out and that she was his total submissive slut.

From his Saturday morning breakfast Todd remembered that there were several tall bar stools around the wet bar. He went and returned to the kitchen with a bar stool that had not back, but did have a padded seat cushion. He placed the stool in the middle of the kitchen and close to the black granite island. Todd laid out four strands of nylon rope, the blind fold he had used earlier on Summer, her black dildo that he had retrieved from Summer's bedside table and the ping pong paddle he had brought from home. The paddle was a thin old time version with the green textured finish, which Todd believed would leave a nice pattern on Summer's ass.

Todd went to the refrigerator and took out one of Summer's Corona Extra beers and sat down at the kitchen table. He began going over in his mind the events that led to his discovery of his English teacher's ad, her unbelievably stupid act of sending the picture and how incredibly lucky he was for being able to tap into Summer's hidden submissive personality. Though he was still an 18 year old, Todd had the imagination of a man many years his elder. Todd continuously thought about ways to take advantage of Summer. But, first he had to break her down and make her come to the realization that she truly was a submissive slut and understand that she would fulfill all of his demands as well as his desires in order to please her Master.

Summer looked at the clock on her dashboard and could not believe that it was 7:30 PM. She was not only late leaving the salon, there was no way should could drive across town and be able to meet Todd at her house by 7:30 PM. Tears began to well up in her eyes and she broke down crying. She continued to drive, but Summer slammed her fist against the steering wheel and screamed at her misfortune. She cried for another ten minutes.

Summer began to calm down as she began to see familiar scenes that let her know that she was about ten minutes from her home. She pulled into the parking lot of the local McDonalds, turned on the over head console light and Summer then looked in the mirror. Her face showed traces of mascara running down her cheeks and her eyes were puffy. She could not believe that the woman that looked back at her in the mirror was the same woman as the one who sent that stupid picture last Thursday. Could it only be five days since she had lost control of her life to one of her students? 

Summer took some tissues from her purse that was sitting in the passenger seat beside the clear plastic bag that contained her yellow bra, yellow thong, black garter belt and the black back seamed stockings that Sandy had not allowed her to put back on at the salon. As Summer dabbed her face and eyes, her mind once again brought her back to reality and the fact that she was now 20 minutes late and she was still about ten minutes from her house. "What do I do?" Summer wondered. Should I call Master T or should I just drive up. Maybe if I call him and explain what happened he will not be too angry", she said to herself.

After she completed wiping away the mascara streaks from her cheeks, Summer picked up her phone and with shaking hands dialed Todd's phone. The phone rang five times before Todd answered, "Where the fuck are you slut?"

"Todd, I was kept too long by the girl at the tanning salon. She made me do all sorts of poses for pictures for some on-line ad campaign she was running for the owners of the salon. She made me pose for someone who was taking the pictures that I did not know. She told me that you told her to make me do those things. Did you do that Todd?" Summer asked.

The moment that the word Todd escaped her lips, Summer knew immediately she was in trouble, but she could not take it back. She tried to explain her tardiness and that it was not her fault. Summer could not have known that Todd set her up to fail and he was about to spring his Master trap on his unsuspecting English teacher slut.

Todd quickly replied, "Who the fuck do you think you are calling me Todd?"

Summer nervously replied, "I am sorry Master T. I am just so shook up by the whole events of the day and am at my wits end."

"Where are you slut," Todd asked.

"I am at the McDonalds, which is about ten minutes away from my house, Master T", quickly relied Summer. 

Todd then instructed Summer, "Slut, go into the McDonalds and buy yourself a large coke. I want you to drink the entire drink before you get home!"

"But, Master T, my face is terrible as I have no make up on and Sandy would not let me put my bra, panties, my garter belt or my hose back on before I left the salon", Summer said.

"Did I tell you that you could not wear your bra, panties, garter belt and hose Slut?" Todd said back to Summer.

Summer was now in an uncomfortable situation. She had complied with Sandy's demand to wear only her skirt and blouse. Todd had been specific earlier in the day with his instructions of what she was to wear all day and she had not complied.

"Oh Master T, please do not be mad at me. Sandy told me you told her that I should not wear my lingerie before I left the salon," Summer pleaded.

"Alright Slut, you have one chance to get this right. Go into the McDonalds, take your lingerie with you, go into the woman's bathroom and put everything back on. Then fix your old face back like the slut you are. Call me from the bathroom when you have completed this task," Todd said as he clicked the line dead.

Summer hurriedly gathered up her purse, the clear plastic bag containing her lingerie and headed into the McDonalds. Summer remembered that she did not have a bra on and her sheer blouse did little to hide her nipples, which were held erect by the gold bar piercings in each. Also, because she did not have her thong on, the black vibrating egg felt as if it was slipping out her pussy.

Luckily, it was a Monday night and inside the McDonalds was not too busy. Summer did think that she recognized a couple of the servers behind the counter, but she was not sure. As Summer reached for the bathroom door, she was greeted by Melanie who was one of her senior English students, president of the Student Government Association and captain of the varsity cheerleaders. 

Melanie liked Ms. Wayne and had always admired how she dressed for school. But, Melanie looked at Ms. Wayne and she thought that she saw her nipples poking against the fabric of her sheer blouse.

Melanie then asked, "Oh, hi Ms. Wayne, what are you doing here at McDonalds?"

As she pushed by the student, Summer quickly replied, "Hi Melanie. I could not make it all the way home because I had to use the restroom very badly."

Melanie then asked, "Ms. Wayne are you ok? It looks like you are upset."

Summer remembered that her cheeks probably still may reveal that she had been crying by the streaks of mascara that she may not have been able to rub off in the car. "No, nothing is really wrong. I was stopped by the police and it unnerved me a bit, but I am ok now," Summer said to her inquisitive student.

Not wanting to banter further with her student, who in the classroom could be a real know it all, Summer quickly pushed inside the bathroom and moved into the handicap stall as it afforded her more room to be able to change into her lingerie as Master T had directed.

Summer locked the door behind her, quickly slid her blouse off and hung it on the hook on the door. Next, she unzipped her skirt and started sliding it down over her hips when the door to the bathroom swung open. Summer then heard Melanie's voice call out, "Ms. Wayne, are you still here?"

Summer paused for a moment hoping her silence would lead Melanie to believe that she was gone. But then Summer heard Melanie say, "Ms. Wayne, I can see that you are still here. Do you mind if I wait and talk to you when you have finished in here?"

Summer did not want to be delayed one minute longer as she knew that the clock was ticking on her tardiness and Master T would only be somewhat understanding. Summer regrettably replied, "Yes Melanie I can visit with you for just a minute, but I have to get home quickly to meet some friends coming over this evening."

"Great Ms. Wayne, I will wait for you at the table with my friends," replied Melanie.

Summer heard the door open and then close as Melanie left the bathroom. Summer quickly slid her skirt over her hips, down her legs and stepped out of the skirt one foot at a time. Summer then took off her black four inch heels and then took the black garter belt out of the plastic bag. Once she had secured the garter belt around her waist, Summer sat down on the seat of the commode. Summer quickly took the black back seamed hose out of he bag and started sliding one onto her left foot. But, sitting on the commode did not afford the proper angle to slide the hose on. Summer stood up, placed her left foot on the seat of the commode and slowly pulled the silk stocking up her left leg. Once the hose was all the way up her leg, she secured it with the two straps from the garter belt. She then slipped her left foot into her four inch heel. Summer repeated the process on her right leg and once completed, she stepped back into her black skirt and slid it up her legs, over her hips and then fastened and zipped the skirt in place. Next Summer reached into the bag and removed the yellow thong and slipped it over her shoes and up her legs. As the slinky garment settled between the folds of her pussy lips, Summer felt wetness from her pussy sticking to the fabric of the crotch of the thong. "What is wrong with me," Summer silently said to herself.

Summer reached between her legs and found the folds of her pussy lips that were spread open by the material of her thong. Summer touched the ring piercings that she had only received on Saturday and shuddered at how it made her feel to relive that event at the salon run by Marcos. Absent mindedly, Summer's index finger found her now erect clit straining against the sliver of material of her now soaking wet thong.

With one hand now buried between her legs, Summer involuntarily began to twist her right nipple. Ever since the piercing, for some strange reason, the right nipple had become more sensitive than her left. By squeezing her right nipple, Summer felt an almost electric shock emanating from her nipple and running directly to her clit. Summer propped her left foot up on to the commode seat, leaned against the wall of the stall and began to furiously rub her clit. Summer was squeezing her pussy around the black egg buried in her pussy and hopeful that it did not fall out.

Unbeknownst to Summer, Melanie had slipped back into the bathroom and had inched her way up to the crack in the stall door way to find her English teacher's back pressed up against the wall of the stall, her hand furiously rubbing between her legs and she could see how Ms. Wayne was twisting her pierced nipple. "Oh my God, she has pierced nipples. I would never have thought that of Ms. Wayne," cooed Melanie to herself.

Summer twisted her nipple harder and harder as the inevitable orgasm was approaching. Summer began to moan and breathe rapidly as Melanie continued to be mesmerized by the site of her teacher finger fucking herself in the McDonalds bathroom. As the orgasm approached, Melanie watched as Summer slowly slid down the wall of the bathroom stall which forced her legs further apart. Melanie swore that she saw a gold ring between her teacher's legs.

Summer's fingers furiously rubbed her clit and her continued twisting of her nipple finally gave her the stimulation to finally push her over the top. Summer's body erupted in orgasm as she continued to rub her clit through the thin material of her thong. Summer's lips let out an "Oh God" as she felt wetness from her clit run over her fingers and dripped to the floor. 

Summer was caught off guard as she heard the door to the bathroom open and she could hear the noise from the dining area of the McDonalds. Summer quickly stood up though her legs wobbled until she was able to steady herself once again while leaning heavily on the wall to the bathroom stall. Summer pulled her fingers away from her wet cunt, tried to spread the folds of the crotch of her thong so that her pussy lips were covered and she pulled her skirt back down. Summer felt the egg slipping almost out of her pussy, so she slid her hand inside the crotch of her thong and with two fingers pushed the egg deeper into her pussy. Summer was amazed by the wetness of her pussy. After she withdrew her fingers, she held them up in front of her fact so that she could see how really wet she was. Her fingers were thickly coated with her pussy juices and she was amazed at how wet she was. Summer slipped her fingers into her mouth to clean them, but more importantly to taste her pussy juice. She liked how it tasted!

Summer paid little attention to the wet spot on the back of her skirt that had developed as she had massaged her clit to orgasm. Summer slipped her arms through the straps of her yellow see through bra. After she had clasped the bra behind her back, she slipped one arm then the other into her white sheer blouse. As she buttoned her blouse, Summer's hands begin to tremble. It was now 7:55 PM and she was 25 minutes late and it takes another 10 minutes to drive to her house.

"I cannot believe that I am doing this with this student," Summer said to herself. She continued, "How can I stop this? How does he continue to have a hold over me? I am going to end this thing right when I get home as I am the adult and he is the student."

Emboldened by her own words, Summer unlocked the stall door, walked over to the lavatory and looked at herself in the mirror. Her face was streaked with mascara stains from the crying she had done on her drive to the McDonalds. Her eyelids and upper cheeks were puffy from the crying and her eyes were almost bloodshot.

Summer leaned down to wash her face as the bathroom door opened. Summer tried not to pay any attention to the person coming in when she remembered that she had been startled at the end of her orgasm by the door opening, but she had not found anyone in the bathroom with her. About that time, a mid-thirties woman had walked in and had taken one of the stalls. Summer casually looked at the remaining stall and did not see any feet that would suggest that it was occupied. "Oh My God, someone heard my orgasm," Summer whispered to herself.

Summer eyes began to well up again with tears, but she told herself to stop, but wondered silently again, "What is happening to me?" "What has Todd done to me?"

Summer hurriedly applied make-up first to her face and then to her eyelids. She made sure to apply a thick coat over her eyes in the dark color that Todd had demanded. She then applied the bright ruby red lipstick to her lips. Summer stood back from the mirror and the thought that the make-up did indeed make her look like a slut. While gazing into the mirror, Summer glanced down to her blouse and noticed that she had buttoned all the buttons and knew that she had to leave at least two buttons undone. She quickly unbuttoned the top two buttons and she saw the effect that had. It was quite easy to the see her cleavage as well as the edges of her yellow bra. Also, without too much of an effort, anyone could see her nipples beneath the blouse and inside the bra because the nipple piercings held the nipples erect and the thin material of each garment made it impossible to hide them.

Summer gathered up her make up, slipped the items into her make-up bag, put the bag into her purse and headed out the bathroom door.

The young woman had watched Summer through the crack in the stall door and thought to herself, "What a whore."

As Summer stepped into the hallway, she thought about heading straight for the door, but remembered that she had to buy a large coke for herself. Then she remembered that she had not called Todd from the woman's bathroom and said, "Oh My God, I am never going to get home."

Summer quickly spun around on her four inch black heels and headed back into the bathroom. With trembling fingers she hit the speed dial button for Todd's phone. Todd's greeting almost made Summer sick to her stomach, "What the fuck is taking you so long slut?"

"Todd, I am having a little trouble getting out of the restaurant because there are students here and I have had to be cautious," pleaded Summer.

Summer's phone went dead. Todd had hung up on her and she immediately knew why. "God, why am I so stupid," she said out loud.

Summer quickly redialed Todd's number, but he did not answer. Her call went straight to his voice mail. Summer left a frantic message, "Master T, I am so sorry. Your slut is so sorry to have not complied. Please call me back."

Summer stood in the bathroom waiting on Todd's call. All the while, the young woman continued to sit on the commode listening to the events. She had already finished her business and was about to exit the stall when the slut walked back into the bathroom. She had thought to herself, "This might be interesting."



Summer quietly paced back and forth in front of the mirror. Her stomach was feeling queasy and her head was swimming. She felt perspiration building on her forehead and under her arms. She never sweated and Todd was making her sweat.

Todd was sitting patiently in his slut's kitchen hoping that his slut was gaining a better appreciation of her situation. Todd thought that it was great that she continually slipped up by calling him Todd rather than Master T. She was doing everything he wanted as far as making mistakes that would cause her pain, suffering and embarrassment. He knew that Summer was a true submissive and that if he continued to push all the right buttons, she would be forever in his service.

Todd's phone vibrated, which indicated he had a voice mail. He had refused to answer Summer's last call to further impress upon her that she was indeed in trouble and that punishment is right around the corner. Todd listened to the pleadings of his slut and thought he would wait five more minutes.

Summer waited impatiently in the bathroom afraid to go outside, afraid to go to the counter and afraid that Todd would not call back. It was now 8:00 PM and she was thirty minutes late. She had been forced by her desires to rub her clit until she had the orgasm that she needed, not wanted, but needed. Summer could feel the egg moving in her pussy as she paced the floor of the bathroom and she could tell that the juices from her pussy were soaking the crotch of her thong because she could feel wetness on her thighs above the tops of her hose.

Summer's breathing became faster as she walked and her body began to crave a release as the tension of waiting along with the stimulation of the egg was causing her body to betray her again. Summer concentrated on the wall in front of her refusing to let her body make demands of her that she knew were not right. But there they were just the same as the egg was working against the insides of her pussy and with each step it rubbed her slick canal.

Finally, Todd thought it would be the right time to call. It was now 8:05 PM and he figured that she would be frantic to take his call. Todd was very pleased when he heard Summer's voice after less than one full ring, "Master T this is your slut Summer."

The woman in the bathroom could not believe her ears.

Todd responded in a harsh tone, "Slut why are you taking so long to get here? I have been waiting for thirty-five minutes and your non-compliant attitude is completely unacceptable."

"Master T, I am terribly sorry. I have had an awful time with all that you have made me do today. On the way to the tanning salon, I was stopped by the police for speeding," Summer said almost apologetically.

Todd quickly replied, 'I do not give a shit what your problem is slut. You are not to make your problem my problem. If I tell you to be some where at a specific time you will be there. You will wear what I tell you to wear, go where I tell you to go and do whatever I demand. Is that clear slut?"

Summer quickly replied, "Yes Master T."

"Where are you right now slut," Todd asked.

"Master T, I am in the bathroom at the McDonalds like you told me to," replied Summer.

"I don't believe you slut," Todd said knowing full well that she was there.

"But, Master T, I am where you told me to be I promise," Summer responded.

"Prove it to me slut," Todd said, almost being able to see Summer squirm on the other end of the cell line.

"How can I prove that to you Master T," Summer asked.

"To prove it too me, go into one of the stalls, strip off your blouse and with the door open, take a picture of you in the mirror and then send it to me via text. Then wait like that in the stall doorway until I call you back," Todd demanded.

In order to get out of the McDonalds as fast as she could, Summer complied with Todd's instructions. She stepped back into the door way of the handicapped stall, quickly unbuttoned her blouse, shrugged it off of her shoulders and let it fall to her waist. She pulled the blouse out of the black skirt and hung it on the hook behind the stall door. Summer then took her phone camera, turned towards the mirror and took the picture that Todd demanded of her.

The picture clearly showed that she was in a bathroom stall, but there was no evidence that it was in a McDonalds. Summer was hopeful that she would not be required to provide some additional proof of the location of the bathroom stall. Summer attached the picture to a text message and sent it to Todd.

Not wanting to cause Todd to become any madder at her than he already was, Summer made sure to continue standing in the doorway of the bathroom stall and waited for Todd's reply after all, she was alone in the bathroom.

The woman in the adjacent stall could not believe her ears or her eyes. She had overheard this woman reply to her Master and she had seen the flash of the camera. She could see Summer in the mirror standing in the stall with her blouse off. The woman could plainly see Summer's nipples poking at the material of her almost transparent yellow bra and she could just make out the gold bar piercings in each nipple. The woman was perplexed as to what to do as she needed to leave the McDonalds and head home. The church group of women she had met there for coffee had all gone home and she was the last to leave. She was mesmerized by the picture taking and the woman standing in the stall next to her.

The flush of the commode startled Summer. She had thought she was alone in the bathroom, but she heard the unlatching of the lock on the squeaky hinge of the door next to hers. Summer quickly slammed the door to the stall and prayed that Todd did not call her back at that time.

But, Summer's luck did not hold out and her phone rang as if on cue upon shutting the bathroom stall door. Summer answered the phone, "Master T, this is your slut."

"Slut, I received your picture, but I must say it is not of the best quality. I want you to take it again," came the response that Summer dreaded.

"But Master T, there is another person in the bathroom with me and I am worried that they might recognize me," Summer pleaded.

"So, slut is your stall door closed now," asked Todd.

Summer responded honestly, "Yes Master T. I shut my door because I thought I was alone and I was startled by the other lady in the restroom."

"Let me get this straight slut, you are over 30 minutes late, you have not completed a simple task of taking a good picture and now you have disobeyed a direct command. Is that right slut," Todd asked.

Summer could only say, "Yes Master T."

Summer's line went dead. "Oh my god," Summer shouted.

The lady in the bathroom knocked on Summer's stall door and asked, "Are you alright?"

Summer unsteadily replied, "I am ok. I just upset my husband."

The lady quickly responded, "So, you call your husband Master T. That is a very strange thing to say to your husband."

"Well, we are playing a little game and I am not performing exactly as he has demanded," Summer lied.

About that time Summer's phone rang again. "This is your slut Master T," Summer answered.

"Slut is the lady still in the bathroom," Todd asked. Summer answered, "Yes Master T."

Todd then said, "Slut, open the door to your stall and hand your phone to the lady." Summer quickly begs, "No Master T please do not make me do that."

Quickly Todd responds, "Slut, I do not think you understand. Do what I tell you NOW!"

For whatever reason, Summer is unable to protest any further. She opened the stall door to find a rather nice looking woman in her mid-thirties, almost six feet tall so she towered over Summer and she wearing a business suit of black skirt at her knees, white button up blouse and a black blazer. The woman is also wearing reasonable height business black heels. 

The woman is taken aback when Summer's stall door opened and she could see the very beautiful 5'6" woman, medium length blonde hair, and unusual piercings in each ear with no blouse on to reveal stunning breasts that are supported by the sheer yellow bra that allows a perfect view of two pierced nipples.

Summer then said to the stunned lady, "My Master wishes to speak with you. Please, please talk to him or I will be in serious trouble."

The lady took the phone from Summer mesmerized by the breasts that she saw, the beauty of the woman and the strangeness of the encounter. She held the phone up to her ear and said nervously, "Hello."

Todd replied, "Hi, I know that this is strange and that you are probably taken aback by the events there in the bathroom. But, we are playing a little game before Summer my slut comes home. Can you help me with a couple of pictures?"

The lady responded, "I am not sure I want to get messed up in any kinky fun. I just left my church meeting and this is not the sort of thing we approve of in our congregation."

Todd continued, "Well it is very simple. My slut is supposed to have been home at 7:30 PM. It is now ten after 8:00 PM and she will be punished for her tardiness. Please help me to continue to put her in her place as she is a true submissive and loves being made to do things to please others. You do not have to do anything more than take two pictures."

"Well, I guess that would not be too bad if you make it quick," the nervous lady responded.

Pleased, Todd then went about telling the lady how he wanted Summer posed for the pictures. He wanted to make sure that the lady knew how to operate Summer's camera contained in her phone and the lady had said that she had a very similar phone.

After the instructions had been received by the lady, Todd hung up. He was very excited about having the opportunity to further humiliate Summer in a public setting as he knew that deep down she got off on the degradation of being forced to submit.

The lady then looked Summer directly in the eyes and gave her the instructions that Todd had told her. Summer was instructed to step outside the stall, take off her bra, pull her skirt up to her waist and pull her panties down to her knees. Next she was to grasp the folds of her pussy lips, spread them for the camera, then lean back against the stall frame and spread her legs as wide as her thong would allow. Summer was instructed that she could not move no matter what happened, even if someone else came into to the bathroom. Summer complied willingly with each instruction.

Once the lady was satisfied that Summer had complied with her Master's instructions, she held the camera phone up and took the first of the two pictures.

Next Summer was instructed to turn around, place her hands on the commode seat, spread her legs with her panties around her knees and to look over a shoulder at the camera. Once the lady was satisfied that the position met the slut's Master's instruction, she took the second picture.

Summer could not believe that she was being degraded in such a way by a complete stranger. She could not afford to make Master T mad so she had willingly complied with the instructions. However, what she did not anticipate was her delay in rising from the commode after the second picture had been taken. Summer was beginning to understand her role and how she must wait for instructions before she could rise.

The lady made Summer stay in that position for five full minutes and she was very surprised that not once did Summer ask if she could get up nor did she make any effort to rise off of the public commode. The lady had given Summer Master T's instruction to remove the vibrating egg from her pussy and to place it in her mouth until she was allowed to leave the bathroom.

As if on cue, the lady looked at her watch and noticed that the time was now 8:15 PM. She told Summer to stand up and turn around to face her. With the egg being held between her lips, Summer could not speak to the lady to apologize for her actions, nor could she ask permission to remove the egg from her mouth that was covered with her pussy juices. Summer had been amazed by how wet the egg was as she had slid it into her mouth as instructed. Summer was told to look straight at the lady as she took a series of pictures with the handheld camera; only these pictures were being taken by the ladies' camera. 

Summer would be allowed to put her blouse back on, but not the bra as well as to pull her thong back into place. Summer, with the cord from the vibrating egg trailing from her mouth, slipped her blouse on, buttoned all but the top two buttons, tucked the blouse into her skirt, pulled the hem of the skirt back down and she tried to smooth out the wrinkles. Summer was reminded to go to the counter and purchase a large coke. Summer was further instructed to make sure that she drank all of the liquid on her drive home. She was not allowed to throw any of the drink away and non-compliance with this instruction would result in a significant punishment.

Summer was allowed to put the bra in her purse along with her make-up and she could place the egg in the purse just before she exited the bathroom. Summer waited until the lady completed taking pictures and then she was told to remove the egg. Summer placed the egg in her purse and she turned to ask the lady for her phone. Summer was informed that her phone was in her purse, but that her Master had allowed the lady to take some pictures of his slut so that she could have a nice story to tell her cocktail group at their next meeting. Again, Summer was stunned to see the length to which Todd would go to humiliate her in public and again with a complete stranger. But once again she felt as if she had no other choice but to submit. For some reason, she felt very comfortable being instructed and she never thought about the consequences of someone, Melanie for one, coming in to find her in those compromising positions and situation.

As Summer exited the bathroom, she quickly headed to the front counter. Unfortunately it was 8:15 PM and the dinner time crowd was there. She found herself in line while trying desperately to come up with a plausible story to seek understanding from Todd. As the line moved along at a snail's pace, Summer remembered that Melanie had wanted to ask her a question. Without being too obvious, Summer gazed around the dining area and unfortunately Melanie was there. Melanie saw her teacher glance her way and she waved enthusiastically to her. "Oh fuck," Summer mumbled under her breath.

When Summer finally reached the counter, she was met with the eyes of one of the boys that manned the cash register. When she ordered her large coke, she could feel the boy's eyes roam over her blouse and she knew that it was impossible for him not to see her very erect nipples. Something about the slight exposure was somewhat thrilling to her. Summer could not understand that the pure lust she saw in the boy's eyes turned her on. But when the boy handed her drink, Summer made sure to lean in such a way as to allow him a good view of her breasts. Summer smiled to herself as she spun around and headed to Melanie's table. 

As Summer approached her table, Melanie could see her teacher's breasts bouncing ever so slightly. Melanie could plainly see that her English teacher was not wearing a bra. How interesting she thought to herself. Melanie was a senior and was on track to graduate in December and was going to enroll in college in January, probably at the state university where she hopefully would make the cheerleading squad.

The three boys she was sitting with all stopped in mid sentence of their conversations about sports or whatever teenage boys talked about all the time. Each one's eyes were locked onto the approaching woman. None of the boys were seniors so they really did not know Ms. Wayne other than to know that she was a twelfth grade English teacher at their school.

As Summer approached the table where Melanie was seated, she was shaken to see three high school aged boys sitting with her. They were all dressed like typical teenage boys with caps turned backwards, but they all seemed to be quite big. Summer figured that since Melanie was a member of the football team cheerleading squad they were all probably on the team.

As Summer stopped at the table, she felt all four pairs of eyes looking over her body. She knew that, because she was not wearing a bra, that her nipples would be fairly visible. So, in an effort to be somewhat standoffish, Summer crossed her arms across her chest holding onto her purse. To her horror, she noticed that the rear clasp section of her yellow bra was hanging out of the purse on the side facing the boys. 

The occupants of the table watched as Summer quickly slid the purse over her shoulder. But this movement caused her nipples to be thrust forward against her blouse and all four pairs of eyes stared directly at the high school teacher's chest to see nipples poking against the thin sheer material of the blouse. The boys all adjusted in their seats as the mere site of the approaching teacher had them all thinking about their fantasies.

"Melanie, what is your question? I have got to get home and grade today's essays," asked Summer.

"Ms. Wayne, you know that I am trying to enroll at the state university for early admission in January. I have almost all of the credit hours required. But, I need an "A" in your AP English class. Do you have extra credit opportunities for your students to help to ensure a better opportunity for higher grades," Melanie asked.

Summer went into a brief discussion with Melanie in which she told her student that no in fact that she did not offer "extra" credit opportunities in that particular class because it is a college rated class and there were no reasons to provide extra credit if the students paid attention in class, studied hard for the tests and worked on the end of the semester essay all during the semester.

This explanation was not what Melanie wanted to hear. She needed the A in the AP English class. She knew from reputation that Ms. Wayne was a ball buster in the AP class and that only the exceptional students made an A. Melanie was hopeful that her show of concern and desire for an A would at least let the English teacher know she wanted to work hard.

After their brief discussion, Summer said her goodbyes and headed for the door to head home. 

"Boy Melanie, who was that," the boys said in unison.

Melanie then detailed what she knew about the teacher, what her reputation was around the school and students. Each of the boys then silently thought about how much fun Senior English was going to be next year. Melanie told the boys that she must receive an A in the AP English class or she would not make the cut for early enrollment in college. The boys then said, "Well you better study your ass off."

As Summer reached her car and remotely released the lock, she noticed that the time was now 8:25 PM. She was 55 minutes late getting home and to the torture that was now expected from Todd. Summer steeled herself again about ending the situation with Todd. She was the adult and he was the student. He had had his fun and it was time for him to know who was stronger. Summer sped home in the hopes that maybe her tormentor had left already and she could face the little bastard on Tuesday morning.

As she pulled into her garage at 8:35 PM, Summer did not see any cars or in Todd's case a bicycle in her driveway or parked on the street in front of her house. She remembered that Todd did not have a car and she learned that lesson only last Friday.

As she turned off the car and pressed the button in her car to close the garage door, Summer thought back to the events that led to her current predicament, the email and picture exchange where she sent the wrong picture last Thursday. The note in her class to meet him after school on Friday and then the cum streaks on her face after being forced to suck Todd's cock in the school parking lot. Then there was her meeting at the bar with Lisa and the spanking that was administered to her in the bathroom by the waitress with her own hair brush.



But the most degrading thing that Todd had forced on her was the nipple and pussy lip piercings administered in the salon by Marcos. She looked down and she saw her nipples fully erect and pushing against the thin material of her blouse. Summer also thought about the yellow thong covering her pussy and the tops of hose held up by the garter belt that she had been forced to wear to school today. "How could I possibly get myself into this situation," Summer quietly said to herself. Summer continued to herself, "I will not allow him to blackmail me any longer."

Summer got out her car, collected her purse with the rear clasp strap of her yellow bra still hanging out as it had been in the McDonalds, her teacher bag that contained her student's essays and her lunch box. As Summer approached the door to her home, she heard nothing. "Great, I am alone and I can deal with Todd tomorrow," she thought to herself.

Summer opened the door that led from the garage into the kitchen, walked over to her home work desk, set down her school bag, purse and lunch box. She had the sudden urge to go to the bathroom and remembered the large coke that Todd had told her to drink on the way home. Summer had a rather small bladder and when she needed to pee, she had only a little bit of time to delay. 

As Summer turned from her desk, she saw it. One of her bar stools was sitting in the middle of her kitchen, close to the marble topped island and there was a note on top of the stool. Summer's stomach immediately turned into knots. "Oh my god, he has been in my house," Summer mumbled. Summer had to catch herself against the counter as her head began to swim and the knots in her stomach turned to a herd of buffalo. Sweat immediately beaded up on her forehead as she gathered herself to walk to the stool and pick up the note.

As Summer opened the folded piece of paper, all of her fortitude to stand up to Todd went away. There at the top of the note was a picture of Summer standing in only her black heels in the hallway of the salon showing off her new spray tan with the very small line of the tanning thong showing. The picture showed her standing at the end of the corridor, hands behind her head and with her fingers interlocked. The picture showed her hard pierced nipples, her spread pussy lips and the lip ring piercings. Summer was beaten down again. There was no end to what Todd was going to make her do to please him and there was nothing that she could do about it, especially with all of the pictures that had been taken of her since last Thursday. "Can it be only five days since she fell under Todd's power," Summer thought to herself.

Summer then read the note written below the picture:

Slut, you are too late for me to wait around on you. I left your house to go and run errands. While I am away, you will comply with the contents of this note and be ready for the punishment that you have earned with your tardiness and disrespectful attitude towards your Master. You have a decision to make right now, Are you going to do as you are told when you are told, or do you want me to just send out the picture album I have of you to everyone in your home email system (yes I copied all of your home files)? I will then as promised attach the album to the school website for all to see. And then, I will send the album to your husband James in Asia. I am sure he will find the pictures of you and Lisa quite interesting as well as your sexual escapades with a high student.

Slut, you can expect me back at any moment. So, here is what you will do to prove your submission to me as you Master. Non-compliance with any of the instructions below will result in punishment that you will never be able to forget.

Slut, you are to strip down to your garter belt and hose, leaving on your heels,

Slut, you are to go to the refrigerator and take out the two shot glasses. You are to chug each one,

Slut, you are to insert the black vibrating egg back into your pussy. You will find the remote control in drawer of the island. Turn the egg on to level 3 of the 10 levels.

Slut, you will go to the freezer and you will find a pink butt plug. You can use virgin olive oil to lubricate the plug and your ass. Make sure to insert the butt plug immediately.

Slut, once the vibrating egg is inserted and turned on and the butt plug is inserted, you are to bend over the bar stool so that you are able to hand cuff your hands to the bar stool with the hand cuffs you will see hanging from the bottom rung of the stool. Of course, once you have secured your hands to the bar stool, you are to wait patiently for my return. I may be back momentarily or I may be hours. You will not know. But however long it takes, you better be bending over that bar stool, hands cuffed, egg vibrating, butt plug inserted and your mind clear as to your submission.

Master T

Summer's hands dropped the note and picture and she brought them up to her face as she began to weep uncontrollably. Summer's whole body shook with the rising emotion of understanding her situation and realizing that in truth, she had a need to submit as she was overcome with the desire to please. Summer noticed that her pussy was wet and that her nipples were getting harder if that was possible.

Summer got control of her emotions and stopped crying. She wiped the tears from her eyes and cheeks. She went to the refrigerator and quickly downed one of the tequila shots. Summer then unbuttoned her blouse and let it fall from her shoulders onto the floor. She then reached behind and unzipped the black skirt and it quickly joined her blouse on the floor. Next was the thong and as she pulled it from her hips and down her legs. Summer could see moisture clinging to the crotch of the thong extending up to her pussy. The thong now joined her blouse and skirt on the floor.

Summer went to the freezer and found the pink butt plug. It was about the size of a man's middle finger she guessed. It was definitely smaller than the corona bottle that Lisa had shoved up her ass and it had a slight curve to it. The plug was soft and pliable, but it of course was ice cold.

Summer went to the cabinet that contained her spices and pulled out the large bottle of virgin olive oil. She opened the bottle and poured the silky contents onto the top of the butt plug. Summer used her middle finger to spread the oil evenly over the length of the butt plug, which she guessed was at least six inches. Next, she took of the oil and spread it around her anus. As she did this, Summer noticed slight stubble of hair as it had re-grown around her ass hole and she remembered the past Saturday when Marcos shaved her pussy and ass for the first time in her life. Then she suddenly realized that she had not shaven her pussy or ass in accordance with Todd's previous instructions so she knew she would be in trouble for that also.

Summer bent over slightly and moved the head of the ice cold pink butt plug to the entrance to her ass. She pushed slightly and the head of the plug slipped inside, but the bulging middle section of the plug was a little more difficult to slide in. However, once the bulging section was inserted, the rest of the plug slipped easily into her dark canal and the tapered end leading up to the base fit snugly between her ass cheeks. Summer felt the fullness in her ass and was pleased that the butt plug did not slip out when she once again stood up.

Summer walked back to the refrigerator and downed the second tequila shot and this time the liquid burned her throat in a soothing kind of way, maybe settling her nerves just a little. Summer realizing that her situation was only going to get worse if she was not bent over the bar stool before Master T's return, slipped the black egg out of her purse and found the remote control in the drawer of the island. Summer sat down on the edge of the bar stool, taking the egg in her right hand and the remote in her left, she felt the vibrator begin to move gently in her hand as she changed the settings from one to three. As she lowered her right hand to her pussy, the edge of the egg touched her clit, which made her body shiver.

Summer thought, "What the fuck!" Summer pressed the vibrating black egg hard against her clit and in moments she received the pleasure of an orgasm that released some of the pent up frustrations from the day going back to the cavity search conducted by the two police officers and back to school where she was ogled by all of the boys that saw her today.

Once she calmed down, Summer inserted the egg still vibrating at the third level into her pussy and she was impressed by how easily it slipped inside. Next she turned around, bent over the padded stool and found the hand cuffs. She clicked the cold steel of the cuff around her left wrist and then with some effort she was able to cuff her right wrist.

"Now what happens," Summer wondered to herself.

Her position was quite vulnerable as her stomach was pressed tightly against the seat of the bar stool, her breasts hung down without support and her legs were bent slightly as well as being forced apart by the position of her body being held down the her hands cuffed to the bottom rung of the bar stool. Summer's body was feeling the effects of the vibrating egg rubbing against the butt plug buried deep into her bowels. Suddenly, Summer felt the familiar pangs of the need to urinate. She remembered downing that very large coke that she purchased at McDonalds and the two shots of tequila. "What a dumbass I am for not peeing before securing myself to this stool," Summer said out loud.

Summer's ears detected sounds in her house that began to unnerve her. Maybe she was being paranoid because of the vulnerable position she was in and the heightened dread / anticipation of Master T's arrival as well as her inevitable punishment. But no matter, she had hardened herself to understand that she had no choice but to submit to Master T. He had too many pictures of her and she had been in too many compromising situations since last Thursday that made her understand that the sheer act of submission was a turn on to her.

Summer's legs and arms began to ache as she was stretched and pulled taunt by her bindings as well as the height of the bar stool. She was becoming more aroused by the minute as the vibrating egg, buried deep inside her pussy continued its stimulation and its vibration against the butt plug was making her feel sensations that she had never felt before.

All the while Todd had been watching Summer doing all the things he had demanded of her via his iPad. He had been able to place remote cameras throughout Summer's home in discrete places that could only be found if someone was very diligent in their search. But, given Summer's predicament, Todd was not concerned with her ever searching for his devices. He quickly panned the other rooms to make sure that all the cameras were working. He noticed that the lighting in the bedroom had to be on for a clearer picture, but that is something he will demand of Summer. The closet camera was the most interesting as it gave him a view of her clothes and shoes so that he could monitor, maybe even direct Summer in the selection of her clothes each day.

Todd waited exactly 65 minutes before heading down into the kitchen. That was exactly how long she had made him wait and the eventual punishment would be based on that timing. But first he had to extract the confession from the lips of his English teacher slut. He was becoming more aware of the hold he had over her and his imagination about the things he wanted to do to her and make her do were filling up his mind.

As he padded softly on his bare feet into the kitchen, he came upon Summer from behind so that she did not know that he was there. He pointed his video camera at Summer's ass and he could see through the view finder the base of the pink butt plug as well as the remote controlled eggs' receiver cord. Summer's legs were bent slightly and were spread apart because she had her nylon covered knees pressed against the stool legs for support. Todd could see the piercings in each of Summer's pussy lips that were engorged and protruding due to the stimulation she was receiving. Todd moved around Summer to be able to record the fact that she was bound by the hand cuffs to the base of the bar stool.

Summer heard Master T as he came into the kitchen, but she dared not speak unless spoken too first. She understood that from previous conversations with him and she knew that she was on very thin ice at this moment and in her position on the stool, she did not want to make him angrier than he already was. She heard him breathing and could only imagine what his thoughts were at this moment. But, the electricity caused by the vulnerable position she was in as well as the impact that the butt plug and vibrating egg were having on her made Summer begin to squirm as Master T walked around her. 

Finally, she could see Master T out of the corner of her eye and she saw the video camera in his hands pointed directly at her. She had been photographed enough recently where she was no longer protesting it. Then Summer heard him speak, "Slut, do you know how much trouble you are in for your tardiness and disrespect towards your Master?"

"Yes your slut understands Master T," was Summer's contrite reply.

Todd walked around to the kitchen island and set the camera on the top pointed directly at Summer. The view finder saw the top of her head, but he knew that that would change in a matter of minutes. Todd instructed Summer to raise her head up so that he could see her face. When she did, he noticed the remnants of tear streaks down her face. He did not think that the recording would be as effective if there was evidence of her crying. Todd went to the sink, ran the water until it was warm and he grabbed several paper towels wetting them under the steady stream from the faucet.

Todd walked over to Summer, jerked her head up by her hair and emotionlessly wiped the mascara tear streaks from her cheeks. When he was satisfied, Todd told Summer once again to raise her head up and look directly into the camera. As Summer's head rose once again, Todd was satisfied that the tear streaks were gone and that Summer was indeed doing as she was instructed. Todd paused the recording and then spoke to Summer, "Slut, you are to look directly into this camera and you are to tell the whole world who you are, what you do for a living, what you are and how you will please your Master T."

So that she knew he was serious, he walked over to the doorway out of Summer's site line and retrieved the ping pong paddle that he brought from home. He walked to Summer and rubbed the paddle over both of her ass cheeks. He told her that this was the first portion of her punishment and that the night would be very long if she continued to resist the fact that she was his and there was nothing that she could do about it.

Without warning, Todd gave Summer a series of five whacks on each of her ass cheeks. Each whack led to a scream from her, but no protest for him to stop. Almost immediately, the checkerboard pattern of the paddle could be seen on Summer's ass. Tears were running down her face, but she did not beg for Todd to stop nor did she cry out so that anyone walking by might hear her scream. Todd rubbed the rising whelps on each ass cheek to help soothe the pain, but he knew that there was more pain to dish out to ensure full compliance from his English teacher slut!

Then Todd began with Summer's indoctrination speech, "Now slut, you will directly into the camera and say exactly what I told you to say. You will not whimper, cry or plead in any way. I want whoever may view this video to plainly see that you voluntarily made the declaration and that you honestly believe what you are saying."

With that, Summer raised her head up and Todd was able to wipe away the tears from the spanking. Once he was satisfied, he reached for the camera, pushed the record button and nodded to Summer to begin.

Summer then started reciting what she had been told to say, "My name is Summer Wayne. I teach Senior English at a local high school. I am a total submissive slut to Master T, whom I serve to please his every demand. I love to please him and no matter where I am, no matter what time of the day, I do exactly as he says when he says it. I am Master T's slut Summer."

"Very good my slut," Todd said bringing a slight smile to Summer's face knowing that she had pleased her Master, but also not causing him to punish her further. At least she hoped so.

Todd then went about telling Summer that her punishment was going to be in stages tonight. The first phase will be a paddle stroke for every minute that she was late. The second phase would be nipple torture because she had forgotten to shave her pussy and ass crack. The third phase would be for her to follow a set of rules made specifically to reinforce her submissiveness to her Master and to anyone that might come in contact with her at any time.

Before he began the first phase of Summer's punishment, Todd wanted to make sure that she was just a little bit tipsy. He knew that she had taken the two shots of tequila that he had placed in the refrigerator. But, to increase the probability that she would not be to inhibited, Todd went to the bar and took out an ice cold Corona from the wet bar refrigerator. Todd took too long drinks from the bottle and then poured two shots of tequila into the bottle. Next Todd took an already sliced lime and rubbed it around the mouth of the bottle. Todd then poured salt around the rim of the bottle so that the full effects of the tequila and beer would be enhanced.

Todd, then walked back to the kitchen and admiringly looked at his English teacher still bound to the bar stool and her ass a bright red. He was amazed that he had been so fortunate to have been on the site and found her. He was also amazed that in just five short days, he had been able to force his teacher into full submission and could not believe how quickly she had taken to being a slut. His prior conquests had been a couple of cheerleaders and some nerdy girls who did not offer much of a challenge. But, Ms. Wayne was a true catch as he would be able to dominate her both at home and at school. He imagined all the possibilities and knew that the remainder of his senior year was going to be so much fun.

Todd walked around to Summer's head and asked her if she was thirsty. Summer replied, "Yes Master T, but to be honest, I have the need to relieve myself after having drunk the whole large coke from McDonalds. May I please go to the bathroom?"

Todd replied, "In a few minutes slut. But, first I want you to drink from this cold bottle of Corona. It will help quench your thirst and prepare you for the first phase of your punishment."

Summer raised her head up and in order to drink from the bottle, she had to turn her head a little to the left. Todd held the bottle and let the cold combined liquid flow from the bottle into Summer's mouth. After a couple of swallows, it was impossible to hold the bottle in such a manner so that Summer could drink from it. But, Todd had thought of that and produced a straw. He put the straw into the bottle and ordered Summer to drink the remaining contents without stopping. Todd knew that the combination of the first two shots combined with the tequila beer mixture would have almost immediate effects.

"Master T, please unlock my cuffs and let me go to the bathroom. I need to go so badly," begged Summer.

"Slut, I have told you that I will let you up when I think it is time for you to get up. And, from now on, you are to tell me exactly what you need to do, not use the word relieve," Todd replied.

Rather than use a word that she does not even use around her husband, Summer kept her mouth shut and tried to not think about the growing pain in her bladder. But, laying across the bar stool with the vibrating egg rubbing against the butt plug was causing her a great deal of discomfort in addition to the sexual stimulation in her pussy. Summer could feel her juices running out of her pussy and over her clit. She was pushing her pelvic bone down towards the stool, but it was not offering enough pressure to help her reach an orgasm that she so needed at this point. Summer could not believe she was turned on in such a way.


Todd held the bottle with the straw up to Summer's mouth and like she had been instructed, she began to suck the cold liquid through the straw. It took concentration on her part to be able to swallow the beer in this position. And, Summer noticed that the beer tasted a little bit different, but did not think too much about that as she was fighting off the intense need to pee.

Once Summer had finished sucking the last drop of the beer/tequila a mixture, Todd took the bottle and straw away. Todd wanted to give the liquid a few minutes to get fully into Summer's system because he knew that her bladder was becoming very painful and he wanted to exert more pressure on Summer for fully submissive behavior.

Todd took two strands of the nylon rope he had brought with him and tied each of his sluts ankles to the bar stool legs. Now, with Summer bent over the bar stool, hands bound to the bottom rung by the steel handcuffs and ankles tied to the bar stool legs, Todd had Summer completely helpless and totally under his command.

Todd stripped off his clothes and folded them neatly onto the kitchen table. He casually walked to the refrigerator and took out a can of coke and took several long gulps of his favorite drink. Todd then stood in front of Summer and began to stroke his semi-erect cock to full attention. He grabbed Summer's hair pulling her head up so that her mouth was level with his eight inch now fully erect cock. He placed the head of his cock up to Summer's lips and her mouth opened automatically. Todd began to slowly and rhythmically fuck Summer's mouth. With each thrust into Summer's mouth, Todd was able to push the head of his cock deeper into her throat. On his last thrust, he was almost able to bury his cock up to his pubic hair, but he felt Summer's gag reflexes and he pulled back.

When Todd's cock was pulled from her mouth, a large glob of saliva trailed off of the head of the cock from her lips. Summer gasped for air because that last thrust had almost made her vomit and she knew that would not have been a very wise thing to do. Summer felt like her bladder was almost overflowing. She was making every effort to squeeze her legs and pussy together to keep from urinating all over the kitchen floor. The pressure of the vibrating egg and the butt plug was making her situation unbearable. Summer again pleaded with Todd, "Master T, please release me from the bar tool. I have to go to the bathroom so badly and I am afraid that I will do it right here on the kitchen floor."

"Slut, I have told you to use the appropriate language or your request will not be considered," was the tart reply from Todd.

Summer still could not make herself use any crude language in front of this teenager even if it meant that she would continue to be in excruciating pain.

To cause Summer more discomfort, Todd reached for the remote control on the kitchen island and changed the frequency setting from three to four. He noticed an immediate moan from Summer and he thought that he could see her push her pelvic bone down against the stool in a fucking motion. Todd, laid the remote control back onto the island, picked up the camcorder and, before starting the recorder, instructed Summer to beg him to pee. When Summer did not respond, Todd set the camcorder down onto the island, pointed it at Summer's head once again and then he stepped behind her with the ping pong paddle in his hand.

"Slut, you will either use the appropriate language or you will lie across this bar stool while I begin the first phase of your punishment," advised Todd.

With that, Todd began a methodical beating of his poor English teacher's ass. Todd lashed each ass cheek on a rotating basis. First he would strike the left cheek and then go right to the left cheek. Then he would strike Summer's right cheek two times and then the left cheek two times. Todd continued this process until he reached a total of 20 hard slaps across Summer's ass.

"Are you ready to pee now slut," Todd asked.

"Yes Master T, your slut needs to pee. Please let me pee Master T," was the subservient response that Todd desired.

"I am not sure you are really in need of having to pee slut. Look directly into the camera and convince the camera that you really need to pee and what you are willing to do for the privilege," demanded Todd.

Todd quickly pressed the record button on his camera, zoomed in to get a close up of Summer's face and then told her to beg.

"Master T, I have to pee so badly. My stomach is aching and the pressure from the vibrating egg in my pussy and the pink butt plug in my ass is making it unbearable to lie across the bar stool with my hands cuffed to the base. I will do anything you tell me to do if you will please let me pee," begged Summer.

"That was very good slut. But, I still do not think you really have to pee. Are you willing to do anything I tell you to do in order to empty your bladder slut," Todd asked.

"Yes Master T, I will do anything you tell me to do, if you would only let me go to the bathroom and pee," confessed Summer.

"Well slut, I do not believe you are fully prepared to submit to me. And, I have not completed the first phase of your punishment for your tardiness as well as you lack of respect for my wishes," replied Todd.

With that, Todd once again picked up the paddle and knew that he had twenty-five more strokes to apply to Summer's ass. As he circled around her, he told his slut, "You have received thirty strokes and you still owe me thirty-five more. You may not scream, you may not beg, you may not cry and you will count each stroke."

Todd's plan was to apply equal strokes of the paddle to each ass cheek. He had decided that he would start at the top of each cheek applying the paddle beginning at her waist line, then a paddle width on her cheek and then a paddle width below her cheek at the top of her thigh. His goal was to make each cheek, hip and thigh remind Summer of her predicament as well as her role as his slut.

The first strike of the paddle caught Summer by complete surprise. She did not immediately cry out "One" so Master T applied the paddle directly as he could against the base of the pink butt plug forcing it deeper into his slut's dark canal. That strike caused Summer to cry out in pain and ecstasy as the end of the butt plug rubbed against the end of the vibrating egg that was buried deep in Summer's pussy, which caused Summer to exclaim, "Thank you Master T!"

"So slut we are starting over at one, because you missed the first of your next thirty-five licks on your ass. Please begin again," was what Summer heard just as the paddle struck her ass in the meaty area above the cheek and near to her waist line. "ONE". Todd then turned up the remote control on the egg to the number five setting and slowly increased the vibration of the egg during the spanking session.

Summer's ass was on fire, her pussy was throbbing because of the egg and sometimes when Master T paddled her ass, the edge seemed to catch the base of the butt plug and drive it deeper into her ass against the egg. And so it went as Todd struck each ass cheek three times on each side until Summer's ass, hip are and upper thigh/lower butt cheek areas were a very bright red as Summer said, "35, thank you Master T."

Summer felt like she could relax as she had endured the spanking session with the ping pong paddle. She knew her ass would be sore for several days and she wondered if the ridges of the paddle would leave marks. But, there was one sensation that would not go away after the spanking stopped. The vibrating egg along with the spanking had gotten her so turned on that she was on the verge of an orgasm. Summer was grinding her pussy into the seat of the bar stool and grasping at the base of the butt plug with her sphincter muscle. This action was not lost on her Master who asked, "Slut do you need to pee or do you need to cum? Which one do you need the most slut?" 

Todd could tell that Summer was thinking very hard about her predicament. He knew that her bladder had to be almost overflowing with the amount of liquids had had made her drink along with the shots of tequila. He wanted her to squirm even more so Todd increased the remote speed to ten and he could see that Summer was just about to go over the edge into an orgasm. Todd wondered that if she came, would Summer pee all over the kitchen floor. It might be interesting to make her suck her own pee up off of the floor. But, to his surprise, Summer said nothing as she continued to pump her pussy back and forth against the bar stool.

Todd then reminded Summer, "Slut you are not allowed to cum unless you are given permission. You do not want to break that rule ever!"

"Master T, please please allow me to cum. I need to so badly. PLEASE," Summer begged.

Without saying a word, Todd put his hands on Summer's ass and started pulling he butt plug from her anal passageway. As the bulge of the plug came into view and Todd could see how it stretched the entranced, he quickly shoved the pink plug back into Summer's ass almost making the base slide in also. Todd started to fuck the butt plug in and out of Summer's ass. He felt Summer reacting and meeting his thrusts with the butt plug. He started to ram the butt plug into her faster and faster. Summer was a thrust away from orgasm when she heard her Master say, "Do you want to cum slut?"

"Yes Master T," Summer pleaded.

With that, Todd pulled the butt plug all the way out and then jammed it back into his poor English teacher's ass. The moment that the base of the plug hit her, Summer exploded in orgasm. She bucked and rolled her hips against the stool as well as pushing back against the butt plug. The vibrating egg finally stopped and as the butt plug was pulled from her ass, Summer's body collapsed completely onto the barstool. Her legs were like Jell-O, her hands and arms were so tired from the position they had been in and her mind was a peace.

Summer felt her hands being freed from the hand cuffs and she was helped to stand by Todd. "Slut, do you still need to pee," she was asked.

Yes Master T. May I," Summer replied. "Yes you can, slut," came the reply she needed to hear.

Summer headed for the half bath that was right off of the kitchen, when she heard Master T say, "Where do you think you are going slut? You are not allowed to use the bathroom in your house unless you have my permission. You do not have my permission and you are not allowed to go there. Get your ass out in the back yard and pee where Lisa made you pee yesterday," Todd instructed.

"But Master T, my neighbor Mr. Johnson may see me doing that and I do not want him to see me. Please let me pee in the bathroom," Summer pleaded.

Todd's response was a quick push into Summer's back as she was forced against the kitchen island onto her stomach. And just as quickly, Todd administered five quick and very hard strokes against the already sore ass of his slut teacher. Todd then grabbed Summer roughly around the waist, turned her around and shoved her towards the back door. Todd followed the broken teacher to the door and as a courtesy; he turned off the patio lights as Summer stepped through the door. He watched as Summer went just off of the concrete patio, next to the bar b q pit that her husband James had built this past summer. Todd watched as Summer squatted down, spread her legs and emptied her bladder right there in her own back yard as her student Master watched.

Summer was mortified that she was being made to pee in her own back yard dressed in her garter belt, black back seamed hose and her four inch heels. As she continued to relieve herself, she wondered how she was going to wipe the urine from her pussy lips, but she then decided to drip dry like she used to do in college. She was feeling the effects of the tequila shots and beer that Todd had made her drink. She was tipsy, sexually turned on and for whatever reason; she was waiting for her Master's next instruction before rising from her squatted position.

Summer then heard Master T, "Slut, are you done peeing?" "Yes Master T, I am finished peeing. May I come inside now," Summer asked.

"Then you may come back into your house slut," Todd commanded.

As Summer approached the door to the kitchen, she remembered all the things that Lisa and her husband had done to her on Sunday afternoon. It was now 9:45 PM on Monday evening and she had not eaten anything all day. So the alcohol, the beating, the orgasm and the humiliation of being forced to pee in her own back yard were all conspiring against Summer. She was emotionally rung out by the events of the past five days and the domination that she had just experienced at the hands of her high school Master. But, Summer no longer questioned her lot in life. She had realized that she was a submissive and slut to Todd, that she craved the instructions and she had a tremendous desire to do whatever it took to please him.

As Summer entered the kitchen, she paused waiting on her next instructions. Her ass was burning and she wanted desperately to put some soothing aloe lotion on it, like she had treated sun burns in the past. But she dare not move or ask questions at this point. Summer remembered the nipple torture as part of the phase two punishment. She could imagine what that might be as her nipples were still a bit tender from the piercings she received only this past Saturday.

"Slut, you are now allowed to go up to your bedroom, strip off the garter belt, hose and heels so that you can take a nice long shower. You must shave that pussy and ass of yours making sure to leave no stubble. Once you have satisfied my demand, you are to go into your closet, put on what I have laid out for you on your dressing table and report back to me. You have 15 minutes, get going," Todd instructed.

Summer hurriedly walked out of the kitchen, picking up her clothes as she went. She almost ran up the stairs to the bedroom. She quickly unhooked the garter belt and she pulled it off with the hose still attached. She ran into the bathroom, pulled the aloe lotion out from under her sink, and began spreading the cooling lotion over her still fiery hot skin. Summer turned her back to the full length dressing mirror and she gasped as she saw the redness of her ass as well as the patterned whelps that the paddle inflicted. She wondered how in the world she would be able to sit in her class room on Tuesday. She wondered if her ass would be black and blue on Tuesday morning. But, she let that thought pass as she had limited time and she had to give herself a good and close shave.

The hot water felt great on the front of her body, but when it hit the whelps on her ass, Summer let out a yelp. The aloe lotion had given her some relief, but Summer knew for sure that her teaching style on Tuesday would be from a standing position.

Summer redirected the water from the shower fixture, got her lady foam shaving cream and spread sufficient amounts over her legs, her under arms, her pussy area and on her ass crack. The ass crack stung with the application of the shaving cream as it contained a low alcohol ingredient. Summer quickly shaved her legs and under arms like she had done almost every day since she had her first period. She had been a fanatic about her legs and under arms and her mother had always told her that no man should ever see hair under her arms or ever feel stubble on her legs. Fortunately, her hair was blonde so she only had to shave her legs to just about mid-thigh.

Next Summer went to work on her pubic area. She was cautious because she had never shaved herself there. The first time that she had ever been hairless since puberty was when Marcos shaved her for the piercings. Summer was very careful around her pussy lips and found that by using the lip ring piercings, she could better navigate the razor in that area. Once she was satisfied that she was baby butt smooth, Summer slid her left hand to her cheek and she went about the task of shaving what little stubble existed there. Summer had always known that she had very little hair there, but she was also embarrassed by the little bit of hair that grew around her anus. She carefully and slowly moved the razor around her anus. She was fully satisfied that she was clean, stubble free so maybe Master T would not punish her further.

As Summer began to rinse away the remnants of the shaving cream and stubble, her fingers grazed her clit to find it fully erect. Summer aligned the shower fixture to flow directly at her chest and she adjusted the fixture to a pulsating flow that hit her nipples directly. She began to rub her clit faster and faster. She felt her body beginning to feel the effects and her orgasm was building. But then just as suddenly, she remembered that she was not allowed to cum without Master T's permission. So, sadly, Summer stopped rubbing her clit, turned off the shower water and wrapped herself in an oversized cotton towel. Summer stepped from the shower, patted her body dry as she never coarsely ran the towel over her body as she did not want to damage her skin.

Summer turned to face the full length mirror again to give herself a close inspection to make sure that there was no visible stubble and she confirmed that by rubbing her hands over and around her pubic area to include her ass crack. Summer's fingers paused at her anus and she remembered the butt plug being fucked in and out of it. She felt the opening and found that she was able to easily slide a finger inside, so the purpose of the butt plug was not only to stimulate me, but to stretch my asshole. Master T thinks of everything Summer thought to herself.

Summer quickly applied some blue eye shadow to highlight her eyes, some rouge to make her cheeks rosy and a quick splash of Elizabeth Taylor's Passion perfume. She then went to her closet and found the items Todd required her to wear. Todd had left a white string thong, white six inch pumps that they purchased on Saturday and a sheer, white robe that only went to mid-thigh, but with the silk tie missing. Because there was no tie, the robe would be open and her body on full display. Fortunately, only Todd was in the house. When she was dressed if you can call it that, Summer headed out of the bedroom and down stairs to meet her Master's next punishment.

When Summer got to the kitchen, she found Todd sitting on the same bar stool that she had been bent over just 15 minutes before. The smile on his face let Summer know that he was pleased with her. Todd then said to her, "Slut, put your hands behind your head and spread your legs so that I can check you for stubble."

Summer did as she was instructed and watched as Todd approached her. Todd slipped his hands inside the robe pulling it open so that her breasts were fully visible. Next, he slid his hands inside the string thong and rubbed her pubic area as well as her pussy lips. Todd was pleased with Summer's efforts there. "Turn around, bend over and keep your hands behind your head slut so that I can check your ass," was the next command. Summer complied with these instructions and soon felt the string being pulled aside and the fingers of Todd's hand sliding up and down her ass crack until they rested on her ass hole. She felt liquid on her ass crack and soon realized that Todd had applied virgin olive oil to his finger as he slide the finger into her lubricated and stretched asshole.

Summer remained bent over with her hands behind her head when she heard the doorbell ring. "Oh my God, who could that be," Summer said as she tried to rise from her bent over position. 

"Who told you that you could move slut," was Todd's angry reply. 

Summer froze and then lowered her body back down with her hands behind her head. Todd continued his assault on Summer's asshole managing to slip a second finger easily into her.



The doorbell rang again and then Summer felt Todd's fingers being removed from her dark passageway. She did not like that feeling of emptiness for some very strange reason. On the third time that the doorbell rang, she heard Todd say, "Slut, that is my pizza. You made me hungry with all of this punishment and I am famished. Go to the door and invite the pizza guy in. Tell him you forgot your wallet and you have to get your money from the kitchen. DO NOT COVER UP!"

With that, Todd turned and starting collecting some of the items that were spread around from his punishment session with Summer.

Summer looked down at herself and saw that anyone would be able to see her nipples quite clearly because the robe had not tie and she knew that Master T would not approve is she attempted to pull it together. As Summer headed to the front door, the excitement of being exposed to a perfect stranger came over her. She could not believe how this brief encounter was making her fell. There she was in her own house wearing six inch white heels, white string thong and a see through robe. As she reached the door, Summer noticed that her nipples were quite hard and were poking against the thin material of her robe as it had slipped off of one of her shoulders.

As Summer opened the door, she caught the pizza delivery boy heading down the steps as he apparently thought that no one was home and that he was getting stiffed for the pizza. Summer quickly turned on the front porch lights and called after the pizza boy saying, "Hey, don't leave. I was in the kitchen on the phone. Please bring the pizza inside to the kitchen so I can pay you."

When the boy gazed up the three steps he saw a thing of beauty. He had never delivered to this address, but seeing the pretty blonde, he was very happy that he had tonight. As the pizza boy followed Summer with his eyes, he was pleasantly surprised to see that see-through robe offered him a great view of her ass. He could make out the thing piece of material leading into the crack of her ass. 

As Summer returned to the kitchen with the pizza boy in tow, Summer was met with the smiling face of Master T. When the pizza boy got into the kitchen, he set the pizza box on the island and saw how the woman was standing next to a young guy with her head bowed.

While looking at the expression on the pizza delivery boy's face, Todd spoke first, "What is your name?"

Nervously the boy said, "Mark."

"Hello Mark. You have met my slut Summer. Slut, please tell Mark who I am," Todd demanded.

Summer hesitated just a bit too long and she felt the sting of the ping pong paddle on her ass.

"I am sorry Master T. I am just nervous and that I may see Mark again some time when it might be awkward for me," Summer pleaded.

"Slut, you will either do as you are instructed every time you are instructed, or you will not only be punished, but the information I have on you will be published," Todd angrily said.

Summer stiffened, and with much resolve said, "Mark, this is Todd who is Master T to me. I am his slut."

Todd could see that Mark was very unsure about the whole situation. He looked quite uncomfortable seeing an older woman being a slut to such a young guy. So he asked, "Todd, this woman is your slut. How is this possible?"

"Well Mark, it is a long story and I am sure that you have other deliveries tonight. Suffice to say that she is my slut, she does anything I tell her to do, but sometimes is too hesitant like just now and deserves punishment," Todd said.

"What kind of punishment," Mark asked.

Todd paused for a moment, picked up the hand cuffs and ping pong paddle and said, "Well, when she disappoints me, I first put the cuffs on her wrists, make her bend over that bar stool there, pull up her robe, pull down her thong and then give her the appropriate number of whacks with this paddle."

"Wow, and she lets you do that to her," Mark asked.

"She has no choice as she is my slut, she loves to serve and once again, she does everything I tell her to do. But when she does not do it in a timely manner, like just now, she must be punished," Todd said.

Mark then asked, "So are you going to punish her now?"

Todd looked directly at Mark and said, "No you are."

Without saying another word, Todd turned Summer around to face Mark, he slipped the robe off of Summer's shoulders and let if all to the floor. Next, Todd picked up the hand cuffs and waited for Summer to comply without instructions to put her hands behind her back. And just as Todd expected, Summer pulled her hands behind her back. Todd quickly clicked the cuffs in place and gently pushed Summer forward as she lowered her body across the bar stool.

Summer was facing towards Mark while her ass was facing Todd. Summer could not believe that Todd was doing this to her. And yet, she completely complied with his demands without really receiving verbal instructions. She was looking straight ahead and could see Mark rubbing the crotch of his pants and she could see his cock beginning to rise. Summer watched intently as she felt Todd lay the paddle on her back and felt him pulling the waist band of her tiny thong over her hips and down to her knees. Todd reached between her legs and pushed them apart. In this position, the thong was stretched between her knees, ass fully exposed and her pussy gaping open.

Todd then stepped around Summer to her left side and he saw that she had not dropped her head, but was watching Mark continue to stroke his cock inside his pants. Todd then said, "Ok Mark it is time for you to help me teach my slut a lesson in prompt submission."

Continuing, Todd said, "Take the paddle in your hand and you are allowed to give my slut five whacks on her ass on each cheek. You are not allowed to hit her above the hip line or below the bottom of her ass cheek. As you can see, she has endured a spanking earlier this evening for being tardy."

Mark grabbed the paddle, stepped behind Summer, drew back his left hand and slapped the first of the ten strokes on Summer's poor ass. Summer flinched, but did not cry out. She did not count the stroke either because she had not been instructed to do so. After the second stroke, Todd interrupted, "Slut, why are you not counting each stroke of the paddle?"

"Master T, you did not tell me to do so," replied a contrite Summer.

"Very good slut, please continue with the punishment Mark," Todd said to Mark.

Mark quickly finished the punishment of the sexy woman as he was hopeful that he could put his now very erect cock into the gaping pussy hole of the slut. He placed the paddle back onto Summer's back and then asked Todd, "Can I fuck your slut Todd?"

"Thank you for asking permission Mark, but no you cannot fuck her as I have not given her the honor of taking my cock in her pussy and up her ass. However, you can fuck her face as my slut loves sucking cock, don't you slut," Todd said to Summer.

"Yes Master T. I love sucking cocks especially in order to please you," replied Summer.

With that response, Mark, without looking for Todd's approval, walked around to Summer's head, unzipped his pants, pulled out his cock and pushed it up to Summer's lips. Summer did not open her mouth nor did she move her mouth away from the cock. Summer just remained in the prone position, ass jutting out, thong around her knees and her face inches away from a cock as she was waiting on instructions from Master T.

Mark looked at Todd and asked, "Why won't she suck my cock?"

"She is waiting on permission from me to do so," Todd replied to Mark.

Mark then asked, "Will you tell her to suck my cock? To which Todd replied, "Do I get the pizza for free?"

"If you make her suck my cock, the pizza is yours," Mark said quickly.

Todd looked at Summer's face. He could see her eyes locked on the cock in front of her, her hands cuffed behind her, legs spread and her panties around her knees. She is going to be a very responsive slut. I think that she likes punishment, but I know she likes to suck cocks. That is something that I am going to be able to take advantage of down the line with some of my friends for sure.

Todd then instructed his slut, "Ok slut, open your mouth and give Mark the best blow job he has ever had. But, you cannot swallow his cum, just catch it and hold it in your mouth. Also, you are not permitted to cum while sucking his cock either!"

Summer immediately opened her mouth and felt Mark's cock slide into her mouth and to the back of her throat. Summer noticed that Mark's cock was not a long or thick as Master T's cock. But, it was a cock and she loved to suck cocks for some reason. She knew that she could practice her technique on this smallish cock. 

Summer began running her mouth up and down Mark's cock. The cock was rock hard and it was easy for her to take the full length into her throat without fear of having a gag reflex. Unfortunately for Summer Mark could not hold out as he was too turned on by the sight of Summer, the paddling he had been allowed to give to her and the feeling of her mouth around his cock. Suddenly and surprising to Summer, the cock exploded in her mouth. Fortunately, Summer was able to react quickly and capture the cum before it leaked down her throat. Summer continued to suck on Mark's cock thoroughly enjoying the feel of the slick organ buried in her mouth.

When he had completed cumming in Summer's mouth, Mark began to pull his cock from Summer's mouth. He was surprised that Summer held onto his cock and would not let it slip out. As he tried harder to pull it out, he felt Summer's teeth bite down slightly. He looked at Todd in a pleading manner. Todd then said, "Ok slut, you can let Mark's cock go."

With that, Summer allowed the cock to slip from her mouth while retaining all of the cum that had been deposited there. A long stream of cum extended from Summer's lips to the head of Mark's cock. Summer slid forward and extended her tongue to gather the last bit of cum from Mark's cock.

As Mark put his cock back into his pants and zipped them back up, Todd told Summer to stand up, open her mouth and show him Mark's cum. Summer struggled just a little to stand because her legs were spread with the thong stretched between them. After she had successfully stood as instructed, making sure that her panties did not drop to the floor, Summer opened her mouth and showed Todd as well as Mark her cum filled mouth.

With Summer standing this way, Mark finally got to see her pierced nipples. Mark said to Todd, "Wow those are neat piercings. When did she get them? Does she have any more? I do not see any tattoos, will she be getting any so that there are permanent marks to reflect your ownership?

Todd then instructed Summer to tilt her head back, poke our her breasts and push her pussy out towards Mark. Then Todd said, "My slut received several piercings this past Saturday. She has each nipple pierced with a bold bar that is permanently inserted. It would take surgery to remove them, but I do not think she will want to remove them as she likes how they make her nipples stay hard all the time. Each of my slut's pussy lips has a ring piercing and her ear has three piercings that reflect my ownership with the red ball on the hoop rings."

Mark lowered his head and saw the two pussy lip rings standing prominently from the very wet pussy. Then Mark stood up to take a look at the ear piercings and then asked how the ear piercings reflected his ownership. Todd explained that those piercings contained the red ball which is a gang marking that he had read about before. Summer had never heard that explanation before, but now further contemplated the true meaning of the piercings. She had her nipples pierced now and they both stood out all the time. The piercings in her pussy lips always reminded her of the Marcos fuck session. But now, Summer understood that she is truly marked as an owned slut by the ear piercings. She wondered how she will be able to tell James, her husband, why they are there and why they cannot come out. "Shit, I am marked, pierced and owned," Summer whispered to herself.

Summer was still standing with her head held back, panties around her knees and the cum still resting in her mouth. As Todd thanked Mark for the pizza he told Summer to swallow her prize. Hungrily, Summer allowed the cum to slide down the back of her throat into her stomach.

"Hold your position slut," she heard Todd say

Todd escorted Mark to the front of the house and thanked him for helping with the punishment of his slut. Mark inquired as to when Summer might be available again to service him and his cock. Todd advised that Summer did not live in the house, but that she was just house-sitting. Mark looked around the house before leaving and he was sure that Summer lived in the house because he saw many pictures of her as well as the oil painting of her over the fireplace. Todd locked the door after Mark left the house and went back to the kitchen where he found Summer in the exact position he demanded.

Todd then reached into his back pack and pulled out the string that he already made loops on one end of the string. He slipped the first string over Summer's right nipple looping it around the gold bar piercing and pulling it tight. He did the same thing to Summer's left nipple. The strings were hanging down below Summer's pussy. Summer continued to lean backwards which was forcing her pussy outwards. Todd squatted down in front of Summer and took the string from her right nipple and looped it through the right pussy loop piercing. Todd did the same thing with the left nipple string, when he instructed Summer to lean forward.

When Summer had complied, Todd tied the strings together which forced her to remain in the current position where she could not move without pulling on the bars in her nipples and the loop rings in her pussy lips. But the position was further exacerbated by the fact that Todd had walked behind her and was pulling her hair forcing her body upwards. This motion caused Summer's nipples and pussy lips to be pulled. The force of the string around her nipples was beginning to cause pain to Summer's nipples. Summer then felt Todd slide the black egg into her pussy already vibrating at a very high level. Summer felt Todd's fingers push the egg deeper and deeper into her pussy. Then she felt the fingers being removed from her pussy and she could feel them rubbing pussy juice along her ass crack concentrating on her ass hole.

Summer then felt pressure against her ass hole and she theorized that it was the pink butt plug. However, it was Todd's cock sliding through the opening and he easily sunk the entire length of his eight inch cock up to his pelvis. As he pulled on Summer's hair, stretching her nipples down and her pussy lips up. Todd settled into a quick rhythmic fucking of Summer's tight ass hole and canal. He was very excited by the events of the day and Summer's reaction to the punishment. The current punishment was just a slight indication of the type of nipple punishment that could be administered to her should she do something to displease him in the future.

Todd picked up his pace, turned the black egg vibrator setting up to ten and while using Summer's hair as a fuck aide, he began to fuck her ass as hard as he could. It was not long before he heard Summer approaching an orgasm as he had become familiar with her reactions to the pending orgasm. He reminded her that she was not to cum unless she was given permission to do so. 

As his orgasm approached, he released his grip on Summer's hair and placed his hands on each of her hips and began pounding his slut's dark passage. As he grew closer to orgasm, he told Summer that she should begin to count his thrusts into her ass. When the count reached 20, she was to cum immediately. 

As Summer's count hit ten, she began to feel Todd's thrusting action become even stronger. As she reached fifteen, she could feel the beginnings of her orgasm and then when she hit twenty she felt Todd's cock erupt in her ass at the same time that her body was wracked with the much needed orgasm.

Todd pulled his cock out of his slut's ass and then spun Summer around so that her mouth was level with his semi-hard cock. "Open up slut. I need my cock cleaned up before you take me home," Todd commanded his slut.

No matter how disgusting the thought was to suck Master T's ass juice covered cock, Summer opened her mouth and took the cock enthusiastically. Summer noted the sour taste of the cock, but she did her job to completely clean Master T's cock. Summer felt a stirring in Master T's cock as she continued sucking the cock after she was sure that it was completely clean.

Todd had to pull his cock from Summer's mouth as he did not want to break curfew during the week. He knew that he had until 11:00 PM, but he wanted to get home to pack. He was going out of town for the next three days only returning on Thursday night as he was going on the Senior trip to Washington, DC.

Todd instructed Summer to turn around so he could unlock the hand cuffs. He noticed that the cuffs had made red marks on her wrists and he wondered if they would be visible at school on Tuesday. Oh well he thought, not my problem. After he unlocked the cuffs, Todd told Summer that she was to stay in her current bent over position until he got dressed. Of course, she could not stand up for fear of ripping either the gold bars from her nipples or the rings in her pussy lips.

Todd completed getting dressed and put away most of the items he had used on Summer. The last remaining item to be put into the back pack was the string attached to the nipples and pussy lips of his slut. Todd instructed Summer to get down on the floor on her back, spread her legs and pull her pussy lips apart. Once Summer had accomplished this feat, Todd took out his pocket knife and sliced the string that was stretched between Summer's pussy lip rings. This released the pressure from the loops of strings around her nipples.

Todd stood up and took the strings in his hands and began to tug on each string pulling Summer's nipples upwards. Todd continued to pull on the nipples and noticed that Summer had screwed her eyes shut trying to block out the pain that the strings were inflicting on her nipples.

"Open your eyes slut. I want you looking at me while I talk to you," Todd said looking down onto his poor English teacher who is now his full blown slut.

Todd then went into his expectations for his slut for the next three days. Summer was surprised that Master T was not going to be at school for the next 3 days as she has forgotten about the Senior trip. She had gone on the trip several times before, but had begged off the trip this year. Now she was thinking how lucky she was to not to have to go and be subjected to Todd's influence around 300 other seniors as well as the other chaperones.

Todd went about telling Summer about the multiple cameras that he had placed around her house. He told her specifically about four cameras, but that he had placed more than four wireless transmitters in the house. He advised Summer that when she was home and not in the presence of anyone else, she was to wear the six inch white heels she now had on and nothing else. She was only allowed to put on the sheer robe that she had worn this evening if she had to meet someone at the door if a neighbor or friend came by to see her. Otherwise, she was to be totally nude every day while at home.

Summer was advised that each day for school, she was to wear the new lingerie that she had purchased this past Saturday. Additionally, she was only allowed to wear garter belt and hose to school. She was free to choose the color of the hose.

Summer was also advised that she was not allowed to have an orgasm unless she received permission from her Master. He would from time to time give her directions while he was out of town either via phone call, text message or email. When she received instructions, no matter the time, place or instructions, she was to immediately comply as he would be able to view her from his electronic devices he was talking along with him to Washington.




Summer was told that every day after school she was to go to the tanning salon and put the thin tanning thong on for a full bed session. The spray tan was for today only as he wanted a fully tanned body with the slight out line of the thong as evidence of the tan. Summer was allowed to put small circular bandages over her nipples so that the piercings would not be exposed to the tanning bed's rays.

The last instruction was the hardest for Summer as she was advised that she must lose five pounds over the next three days as there would be a weigh in on Friday after school. Summer was to weigh herself tonight before going to bed and text her weight to Todd before she went to sleep. Todd did not care how she did it, but she must find a way to flush out her system while he was away. She was a slut, and sluts did not have full figures, but were to be thin to reflect their submissiveness as well as their subservience. Summer did not know how she would be able to drop five pounds by Friday afternoon, but knew if she did not, there would be hell to pay.

Once Summer heard all of her instructions she simply said, "Yes Master T. I will do as you demand."

Todd then told Summer to pull up her thong and to slip on the robe. She was to drive him home immediately. "But Master T, I cannot risk getting caught dressed like this in my neighborhood," Summer said.

"Ok slut, you can leave the robe here then. Lets go," was Todd's tart reply.

Todd hurried out of the door to the garage and waited on his slut's arrival. As he knew she would, Summer had the sheer robe on and only brought the key to the car. She did not bring a purse or even her driver's license as she had not been instructed to do so.

The drive to Todd's house was fairly uneventful. A couple of times cars pulled along side Summer's car on the passenger side. Summer refused to glance in the direction of the car for fear of being seen recognized or worse, but Master Todd always made her turn and look into the windows of the car. One time a pick up truck with two older black men pulled along side of Summer's car at a red light. Summer had been told to lay her head back against the car seat while Todd was finger fucking her cunt while the light was red. Todd felt the end of the black vibrating egg in Summer's pussy and as he fucked his two fingers deeper into her pussy, he grabbed the end of the remote control receiver wire and pulled the egg from her pussy. He reached up and placed the egg against Summer's lips and she opened her mouth to allow the egg to be inserted. Summer could taste her pussy juice on the egg and she liked it. There were no real issues that arose for Summer during the remainder of the drive to Master T's house.

As Todd was getting out of the car he handed an envelope to Summer and told her to read its contents tonight before she went to bed. She was not to open the envelope until she pulled back the covers of her bed as he had left her a couple of presents and the note would detail the use of the items left behind. Additionally, Summer was made to take her robe off and Todd put it the trunk of Summer's car. Summer only slightly hesitated as the time she had spent driving Todd to his house had reminded her of the pain on her ass. She wanted to get home as quickly as she could. Summer was allowed to take the egg from her mouth and place it on the seat beside her. She was to take it back home with her to clean and buy replacement batteries for the egg as well as the remote control device.

As soon as Todd slammed the trunk lid back down, Summer gunned her car and sped home. She felt fortunate that she did not have an accident, be accosted by someone who saw down into her car and that she kept her speed at the speed limit so that she did not attract any police attention. She had already had that today and she did not need another groping session with a police officer.

Thankfully Summer reached her garage without any problems and when the garage door was completely closed, she popped the lid on her trunk, retrieved her robe and headed inside her house carrying the black egg as well as the envelope that Master T had given her. Mindful of the wireless transmitting cameras throughout her house, Summer only wore the six inch white heels. Summer cleaned up the kitchen, put away the empty bottles of beer, the tequila and placed the shot glasses into the dishwasher.

Once she was satisfied that the kitchen was clean, Summer headed up the stairs and into her bathroom. Summer hesitated only a moment when she slipped off her shoes, but she did not believe that it was required that she wear her heels into the shower. Summer took a quick, hot shower, but her ass cheeks burned like they were on fire. She knew that there was no way she was going to be able to sit down at any time during school on Tuesday. After she toweled off, she took off the remaining make-up from her face, re-applied the aloe lotion to her burning ass and headed to the bed. She pulled back the covers and saw.....


