Summer's Blackmail Ch. 11
bywilcox010©
The latest in the domination and submission of the high school English teacher to one of her students. All characters are 18+.

Chapter 11 - Summer's blackmail continues

It was now 11:30 PM as Summer stepped out of the shower after having driven home from Master T's house in just her white 6" heels and thong, Summer began going over her very busy and difficult Monday and her first real day under the control of her student master at work. She had been made to wear a remote controlled vibrating egg in her pussy most of the day, which had kept her on an orgasmic high all day. Master T had forced Summer to suck him to orgasm in her class room and required that the cum stains left on her face and neck remain for the rest of the day. Master T, her young Master, had forced her to wear one of the short, tight black skirts she had purchased on the previous Saturday along with an almost sheer white blouse, which did little to hide the yellow see through bra and matching yellow thong. Master T had also required that Summer wear her black garter belt and the black back seamed hose that he had made her purchase on Saturday. All of these items made Summer feel out of place in school and very conscious of the stares that she received from the boys and the looks of disgust from some of the girl students.

Saturday was the day that Summer began her transformation into Master T's full fledged slut as she had been forced to have both of her silver dollar sized nipples pierced with gold bars that resembled dumb bells one would use in a gym. Summer was further humiliated in the piercing salon by having both of her pussy lips pierced with gold rings. Summer's upper left ear was also pierced with a large gold loop that contained three red beads. 

All during the day, Summer had been on edge because of her attire and because of the egg that would suddenly come to life while in the middle of lectures to her senior English students or during her lunch period. Summer had been a nervous wreck the whole day and had been so thankful when the final bell of the day signaled the end of her humiliation. But she had been wrong.

After school, Master T had paid her a visit and had punished her for disobeying him earlier in the day. She had been forced to strip off her skit, get on all fours on her desk, blindfolded and then given ten lashes with Master T's belt. Then, Summer was forced to suck Master T's cock until he pulled out his slut's mouth and exploded all over her face, neck and blouse. She was left that way as Master T had quickly zipped up his pants, retrieved his video camera that he had used at various times during Summer's punishment and walked quickly out of Summer's classroom.

Summer had to make a quick drive to a local tanning salon for further humiliation, but on the way she had been stopped for speeding and groped by two police officers. When she finally was able to get to the salon, she was met by a former student, forced to strip and then Summer was required to wear a very thin string tanning thong for her treatment. Summer was further humiliated by being forced to parade down the hallway of the salon all the while being photographed for an advertising campaign.

Summer was allowed to leave, but she was forced to take a detour to a local McDonalds where she was humiliated by another complete stranger and forced to have an orgasm, while being photographed with her own camera phone. The lady then sent the pictures via text to Master T. The lady also made Summer pose for more pictures after the first set of pictures had been sent to Master T. The lady stranger took advantage of the situation and made pictures with her camera phone for future use and amusement.

Summer was finally allowed to leave the bathroom, but first had to buy a coke for Master T and visit with a high school senior, Melanie, who was trying to find a way to guarantee an A in Summer's class. Summer was not at all receptive to "extra work" credit as she told the student that her grade was what she earned.

Summer had hurried out of the McDonalds to rush home to Master T. She was terribly late, was forced to strip, was tied down over a bar stool and was given 35 whacks with a ping pong paddle. Summer was forced to endure additional humiliations and painful reminders that she was in fact a slut to Master T. To reinforce that, a pizza boy received a special tip after delivering Master T's dinner.

After finishing toweling off from her shower, Summer walked over to the bed holding the envelope Master T had given her at his house, just before she left. She reached down and pulled back the comforter of the bed and she was shocked at what Master T had left for her.

Master T had left Summer three items and a picture. The first item was a white dog collar that was one inch wide with small, blue rhinestones that looked liked sapphires and an engraved plate that read, "SLUT". The collar had a matching white leather leash with the same sapphire rhinestones running full length to the circular strap. The second item was a one-and-half inch diameter black butt plug that was almost six inches in length with a flat base, which was larger than the pink butt plug she had been forced to wear earlier in the evening. The third item was a gold ankle bracelet with "MT's Slut" engraved on the small personalized link plate. The picture was a folded piece of paper and as she opened it, Summer was quite shocked by the clarity of the picture. It showed her bent over the bar stool, hands cuffed behind her back and the cock of Mark the pizza delivery boy as it was being pulled from her mouth. The picture showed Summer's saliva mixed with the juices from Mark's cock head after he had shot his teenage load into Master T's slut's mouth. The picture was very good quality and it was obvious that it was an image from one of the several mini-cameras that Master T had placed around the house.

The realization of her situation was again made clear to her. Summer was Master T's slut and there was nothing that she could do about it. Summer wondered why her pussy became wet whenever she found a note from Master T. Summer opened the envelop and began to read:

Slut,

By now you have found the three new items for the continuation of your transformation into my full time slut. These new items will be additions to your new "at home" slut uniform. When you arrive at home each day, you will immediately go to your bedroom, strip all of your clothes off and take a shower. While in the shower you are to shave your arm pits, legs, pussy and ass crack. You are to never have any stubble in any of these areas. 

Once you have finished your shower and dried off, you will step into your white six inch slut shoes and a white slut thong. This is your uniform at home at all times. The only time that you may cover your slut body is if you have to answer the door for any reason. You may wear the white see-through robe, but you are never to tie the robe nor are you allowed to pull it closed with your hands. This offers you some privacy when a stranger calls upon you, but there will be no doubt that you are a slut.

As you know from the picture you found on your bed, I have placed cameras strategically around your house with direct remote feeds that come to any of my electronic devices, whether it be my I phone, Ipad or my laptop. I will always be able to see you except for the privacy that I will grant you in your bathroom when you are relieving yourself.

The white collar is your slave training collar that must be worn at all times when you are at home and always in my presence no matter where we are. When you leave the house each day, it is to be in your purse so you can put it on when told to do so by anyone who knows you have it. The white leash should also be with your at all times, but it is not practical for you to wear it attached to your collar while alone at home unless otherwise instructed to do so.

The black butt plug must be inserted in that sexy ass of yours each evening after your shower, held in place by the slut white thong and not to be removed until you dress for work the next morning. The butt plug will remain inserted in your ass all weekend unless otherwise instructed. The purpose of this butt plug should be obvious to you. You are to make sure to take it with you whenever you leave your house. You should buy some KY Jelly or other form of lubricant to help in easing it into your ass.

The ankle bracelet is my gift to you to symbolize my ownership of you in public or in private situations. This bracelet must never be taken off, will always be visible and if broken for any reason, you will be required to take it to Marcos' salon for repair.

Tonight, I am watching you as you dress to make sure that you do as you are instructed. I take great pleasure in watching you do as you are told and the manner in which you perform you tasks.

You will receive additional directions and tasks in correspondence from me this week either via email, text, personal notes or by phone. No matter the format or the manner in which your directions are given, your immediate compliance will be required. If you delay or refuse any direction or task, a severe penalty (worse than tonight) will be exacted on you and not necessarily by me.

Now get dressed in your uniform, insert the butt plug and then go to the computer in your husband's office downstairs. Log in to your personal yahoo email account. There you will be given more instructions.

Master

Summer just sat down on the edge of the bed and began to sob. She found herself doing that a lot recently ever since she sent that fucking picture out onto the web and it fell into the hands of her high school student. She had succumbed to Master T's control over her and her body was beginning to crave the pleasure that she derived from her submissiveness as well as her desire to please. Summer could not remember ever wanting to be that way to James, but for some strange reason, her body craved pleasure from being made to serve others.

Now Summer's mind was beginning to realize the true depth of her predicament and the impact it was having on her psyche. Summer felt empty for the first time in her life knowing that Master T would not be in her classroom tomorrow nor would he be in town for the next three days.

Summer quickly slipped on the white thong panties and her six inch white heels. She walked into the vanity area of her bathroom, fished out her Vaseline from the medicine cabinet and began applying the petroleum jelly to the full length of the butt plug. Looking at the plug, Summer wondered how she might be able to get such a large item inside her anal passageway, but she remembered the pink butt plug had already expanded her anus, so maybe it would not be as hard to insert as she imagined.

Satisfied that the black butt plug was adequately covered with the jelly, Summer, pulled the white thong to one side, bent down and placed her left hand on the seat of her make-up stool. Then, Summer placed the tip of the butt plug against her anus and slowly pushed against the resistance. It took her a couple of minutes and a reapplication of the Vaseline, but she was successful in getting the tip comfortably inside and then it was a matter of accepting the pain and forcing the plug all the way in until the flat base was firmly secured between her ass cheeks.

Summer stood up and she could feel the fullness in her ass caused by the one and a half inch diameter plug. But, it was the length that gave her the fullest feeling as it was touching areas that she had never experienced before. Summer pulled up the thong and was relieved to feel the material of the thong holding the plug in its place, though she did not believe that there was any way for the plug to slip out.

Summer headed for the door when she remembered that she did not have the collar on or the ankle bracelet. She stepped back into the bedroom, picked up the collar and placed it around her neck. She was able to securely fasten the collar and left it loose around her neck. Next Summer placed her left foot onto the bed stool and fastened the ankle bracelet with the MT's Slut engraving visible.

Summer then headed out of the bedroom, down the stairs and into James' office. Every step reminded her of the butt plug securely fitted into her anal passageway. As she sat down onto James' office chair, she felt the plug go even deeper into her body. That feeling made little drops of sweat begin to appear under her nose as the tip of the plug was pressing against the inner walls of her abdomen.

Summer powered up her husband's office computer and waited until the computer fully booted. Once fully booted, Summer logged into her yahoo account, teach101 and there in her inbox was an email from Master T. Summer clicked on the new mail icon and opened the email from Master T.

Slut,

Open up your messenger account and offer me access to your webcam.

Master T

Summer clicked on the messenger icon and watched as the chat messenger service opened up. There she saw that Master T was on-line. Summer started up a chat request with Master T:

Master T, this is your slut Summer. Please accept my webcam request.

Very quickly Summer could see Master T's face appear on the screen. She just sat at the desk and did not move as she did not know what Master T wanted at that time of the evening.

Summer saw Master T's words flash across her messenger window:

"Slut, I do not have much time as it is late and I do not want my parents to find me up and chatting. Stand up and let me see you."

Summer pushed the chair back and stood so that the webcam was pointed at her panty covered pussy. She was looking at the screen when she saw Master T write,

Slut, turn around and bend over. Spread your ass cheeks so that I can see that you have the butt plug inserted as required.

Summer spun around on her heels and bent over at the waist. As she reached behind to grab her ass cheeks, she wondered to herself as to why she was being made to do this now because she knew that Master T had put cameras all over the house and surely he had seen her get dressed. But, Summer found herself complying with the instruction and pulled her cheeks apart in order to prove to Master T that she did indeed have the black butt plug inserted into her ass.

Summer believing that she had fully complied with Master T's instructions slowly spun around to find her webcam closed, but a final message from Master T,

"Very good slut, I am pleased with your conforming to your slut outfit, collar and butt plug. You are now allowed to go to bed, but the butt plug remains. I will be back on Thursday evening. I will send you messages while I am away. Tomorrow, dress however you like, but remember that you are to wear revealing clothing, sexy lingerie, only hose (no pantyhose) and your four inch heels. Don't forget your tanning appointment.

Master T.

Summer logged off of the computer and just sat at her husband's desk thinking about how she could now be in this situation. She has been under the control of her student only since last Thursday evening and tomorrow, Tuesday, she would be able to have a sane day because Master T was going to be out of town. Summer got up and headed for the stairs and her waiting bed.

Todd watched on his IPad as his slut made her way into her bedroom. His face was creased with a knowing smile as he watched Summer slip off her six inch heels and climb into bed. As she bent over, his camera caught sight of the base of the black butt plug held in place by the white thong. Todd knew that his hold over Summer was complete because she had her white "slut" collar around her neck as she pulled the covers up and turned off the light.

Summer was awakened from a very relaxing night's sleep by the sound of her clock radio playing the easy listening music she liked to hear first thing in the morning. She curled up to hit the snooze when she winced and realized that the pain in her ass was still there and then she remembered the black butt plug had remained in her ass all night as it was held snugly in place by her white thong. Summer moved her right hand down to her pussy for some unknown reason and she found the entire crotch of her white thong soaking wet. She found her clit and began to rub the erect digit furiously for the itch in her groin was too strong to resist.

Summer slid her left hand between her legs and found the base of the black butt plug protruding from her ass. She began to fuck the plug in and out of her already stretched ass hole in rhythm with the caress of her fingers on her clit. Summer spread her legs wider and began to attack her clit with vigor as the building orgasm. With one final push of the plug, Summer was able to reach her much needed orgasm.

"Oh my god, what is wrong with me," she quietly asked herself.

Summer slipped out from under the Egyptian cotton sheets and padded her way to the bathroom. She was almost to the bathroom door when she realized that she had not slipped the six inch heels back onto her aching feet. She paused briefly and then remembered her Master T's orders, "You will wear these slut shoes all the time when in your home."

Summer walked back to the edge of the bed and slipped her feet back into the size six white heels with the six inch heels. She felt the strain on her calves as the incline of the heels put stress on her feet as well as her legs. As Summer walked back to the bathroom, she glanced at the full length mirror in the dressing area and was startled by the sight she saw. Here she was a respected English teacher, wife and mother of two college aged children and she had the look of a whore that had been fucked all night. And yet, she was dressed as a slut for her high school student Master with her white slut collar, white thong, black butt plug in her ass, nipple piercings, piercings in both of her pussy lips and the loop earring with the three red beads.

Summer walked over to the lavatory and while watching herself in the mirror, she slipped her white thong off of her hips and let it fall to the floor. She stepped out of the thong and then turned around so that she could see her ass cheeks. Both cheeks were red, but she could see the impressions made by the ping pong paddle as Master T had administered his punishment on her. She touched first one cheek and then the other and her suspicions were realized. It was going to be very hard to sit down at school today. Each cheek was quite sore and would be a reminder to her that she had been punished for not following Master T's instructions exactly.

Summer placed the fingers of her right hand around the base of the butt plug and began to remove it from her ass. At first, her ass refused to release its grip on the base of the plug, but Summer pulled a little harder and the plug slowly was withdrawn from her ass. Summer continued to look at her ass in the mirror and when the plug was removed, she noticed that her asshole was gaping open. She stared at her ass for a while longer until the urges of her body for the morning release reminded her that she needed to pee. What Summer did not realized was the bi-product of a butt plug in her ass for almost 8 hours was the quick fecal discharge. She was embarrassed at the situation and she was aghast at her poor judgment. She could not allow Todd to run her life and she would show him.

After completing her bathroom chore, Summer stood in front of the lavatory mirror and removed the slut collar. And she was concerned because the collar had rubbed her neck roughly during the night and there was a very evident ring around her neck. She was very hopeful that it would dissipate before she got to work.

Summer stepped into her large shower and enjoyed the feel of the hot water as it ran over her body. She loved the feeling of the water spray on her nipples and they immediately reacted to the stimulation. As she began to soap her body, her fingers grazed each nipple and she felt the piercings that she had only received the previous Saturday at Marcos' hands. She continued soaping her body with her right hand as her left found its way to pussy. The stimulation of the water on her nipples, the memory of the butt plug in her ass and the pain in her ass cheeks all served to make her have the need for an orgasm.



Slowly, Summer's fingers circled her clit and she spread her legs bracing them against the sides of the tiles of the shower stall. Summer took the bar of Tone soap and ran it down her back, down the crack of her ass until it reached her ass hole. Summer rubbed the soap on her ass hole and then returned the soap to its tiled holder. Summer's right hand returned to her ass and she easily inserted her middle finger due to the lubrication of the soap as well as the expansion caused by the butt plug during the night. Once she was able to fully insert her middle finger into her ass, Summer was lost in the stimulation of her nipples, clit and ass hole. It was only moments before she once again had an orgasm her body so desperately needed.

Once she had calmed down, Summer completed washing the rest of her body. Next Summer shampooed her hair and then applied the conditioner that helped give it the body that she liked. While the conditioner did its work on her hair, Summer, as required by Master T, went about removing any stubble from her arm pits, legs, ass crack and pussy mound. Summer paid particular attention to her pussy lips to make sure that all pubic stubble was removed but no cuts of her sensitive lips occurred. She also had to be careful not to catch the razor on her piercings which required her to pull the lips apart with her left hand. Summer noticed the stimulation this created and once again felt the urge to rub her clit. Summer was able to get a hold of herself, complete the shaving task and then rinse the conditioner out of her hair.

Summer grabbed the towel from the towel bar and began to dry her body. As she rubbed the fabric across her ass, she let out a little whimper as the rough edge of the towel touched her very sore ass. Summer then started to dab the towel on her ass, which was not as painful.

Once she was satisfied that she was dry, Summer unconsciously slipped the six inch white heels back onto her feet, re-attached the slut collar around her neck, applied Vaseline to the black butt plug, inserted the plug and then slipped a clean white thong on making sure that the plug was held snugly in place. With her wet hair wrapped in a towel, Summer padded out of the bedroom and down the stairs to the kitchen for her morning coffee and the Tuesday morning edition of the local paper.

As she got to the bottom of the stairs, Summer realized that walking around in the heels was going to be very painful to not only her toes, but her calves also. The shoes forced her to almost walk on her tip toes or at least it felt like that. Once she steadied herself, she headed for the front door to retrieve the morning paper. When Summer looked through the cut glass window pane, she was not able to see the paper on her front porch. She and her husband James had agreed to pay the paper delivery service extra so that they would drive up their long driveway and deposit the paper on the front porch. "Shit, it is at the bottom of the steps," Summer mumbled to herself. 

Summer turned and headed towards the stairs to go up to her bedroom to retrieve her silk robe that Master T said he would allow her to wear to be somewhat covered if she had to go to the door. Then she realized that his instructions were to be followed specifically and she was not allowed to wear the robe unless meeting someone at the door. "I wonder if he would notice if I did it," she asked herself.

Why risk it she thought. Todd had cameras in the house and she was not sure where they were, what he could and could not see. After all, all she had to do was open the door, walk down four steps, grab the paper and then rush back inside. Summer knew that it was pretty early and most of her neighbors were getting ready for their days and the view of her front porch was not at all clear to any of them except for the lecherous Mr. Johnson.

With trepidation, Summer slowly opened the door, made sure that the door was not locked and quickly walked down the steps, head still wrapped in a towel, bent over to retrieve the paper and then her asshole, loosened by the butt plug let the black butt plug slip from between her anal lips and the plug bounced down onto the side walk. Somehow, the small thin strip of material of her thong had moved and her ass decided at that moment to open up and spit the butt plug out.

Summer was horrified, quickly retrieved the plug, ran up the steps as fast as her six inch heels would allow and slammed the door shut. Unbeknownst to Summer, Mr. Johnson had just coincidently been looking out of his bedroom window when he got a quick as well as a funny look at Summer retrieving her butt plug from the side walk. Mr. Johnson remembering the fuck session that he witnessed and recorded the previous Sunday knew something was up with his sexy neighbor, but he just could not figure things out. He made a mental note to call on his sexy neighbor one day this week.

As Summer slammed the front door closed, she let out a hysterical laugh. When she had time now to think about it, the mere thought of losing her butt plug that way was funny and horrible in the same moment. Not sure it the cameras in her house were aimed at her right now, she decided not to tempt fate and have Master T spying on her at that very moment to see that she was not complying with his demands. Summer bent over at the waist, pulled the thin string of her thong to the side and easily slipped the black butt plug. 

Summer then went about her morning routine, drinking a cup of coffee, taking her vitamins and eating only fat free yogurt in order to lose the pounds that Master T had ordered. Summer went to sit on the same bar stool on which she had received her punishment last night, but as her ass cheeks touched the seat she knew that she could not sit as her ass was still very sore from the paddling she received. 

It is going to be a long day today not being able to sit," Summer mumbled to herself.

Summer walked gingerly up the stairs, quickly kicked off her heels, slipped the thong down her legs, pulled her butt plug out of her ass, unbuckled her slut collar and padded into the bathroom to process for the day.

Summer sat down in front of her make-up mirror, took the towel from her almost dried long hair, applied the requisite slut make-up to her face and eyes making sure that the eyelids were provocative as she was commanded to do by Master T. Once finished, Summer took a final look at her face in the lighted mirror and she felt very uncomfortable with that kind of make-up for school. She had always been cautious and understated in applying make-up all her life, especially at school. But, looking at herself now made her realize her transformation into a teenager's slut was very evident. She went about fixing her hair for the day making sure that the hair was pulled back behind her left ear so that the loop earring with the three red beads was clearly visible.

Summer walked over to her dresser and looked through her new lingerie. She was mindful of the camera or cameras with views of her bedroom and closet. She selected a black lace bra with a matching thong and beige thigh hi's as she did not want to feel the straps of a garter belt rubbing her ass cheeks all day. Once she had slipped her thong up her legs and fitted her one size two small bra on, Summer slipped hose first on one foot and then the other as she slowly slid the silky hose up each leg. The ankle bracelet under the hose made her look like one of the floozies she had seen at bars in the past not knowing that it was not proper to wear an ankle bracelet under hose. Now, she was being transformed into a teenager's view of a floozy.

Summer's next task was to dress some what slutty for the day, but thankfully because Master T would be out of the classroom for the next three days, she could afford some modesty in the clothes that she wore. Summer selected a solid colored red blouse that buttoned up the front and a dark blue skirt with a front slit. This skirt was the shortest of her "conservative" clothing, but Summer felt that if Todd saw it he would approve because the slit would expose the tops of her hose should she be able to sit during the day.

Once dressed, Summer went to her shoe rack to look over her choices. From her shoe shopping trip with Todd, she had four new pairs of shoes. She had her six inch heeled white shoes or her slut shoes that she was required to wear around the house. Next Summer picked up the red six inch heels with ankle straps, but just could not imagine being made to wear those during the day at school. Summer was now down to the black four inch slip on heels and the black four inch heels with ankle straps.

Summer held one shoe from the two styles and decided in homage to her Master that she would wear the ankle strapped pair of black heels. As she slipped on and fastened each heel, Summer felt how provocative the shoes could make her appear as the heels looked like they were permanently fastened to her legs. Summer walked around the bedroom to get used to the shoes but also to allow Master T the opportunity to see how she was dressed in case he was watching her at that very moment. Summer shuddered at the thought of being watched in her own bedroom by a teenager, much less a teenager that was her Master.

Summer hurried down her stairs, grabbed her school bag, lunch and headed to the garage. As Summer settled into the driver's seat of her convertible, she looked down to see that the skirt had indeed risen up sufficiently to allow the slit to expose the tops of her thigh hi's and Summer realized that she would not be able to sit in view of any students while wearing the skirt.

As she backed out of the garage, Summer realized that the top to her convertible was still down, but she did not have time to raise it back up so she decided to enjoy the cool breeze of the October fall morning as she drove the 20-minutes to school.

Summer was driving along the familiar roads to the school and not really paying attention to the traffic. She did not notice that a group of teenagers were approaching her in a pick-up truck. The teenagers did not know who the woman was in the car, but they could see her hair blowing in the wind and with the top down, they felt like they might get a good view of her. As the vehicles approached the next intersection, the light suddenly changed and the truck carrying the four teens quickly pulled along side the BMW convertible on the passenger side. They were surprised to look down into the driver's seat to see their Senior English teacher, Ms. Wayne, legs somewhat spread apart and they could see the tops of her hose and they swore that they could see her panties.

Summer realized that she was being stared at intently but she dared not glance to her right to see who it was. As the light changed to green, Summer stepped on the accelerator and quickly left the pick-up truck behind. "God I hope I do not know who that was," Summer said out loud.

As she pulled into the school parking lot, Summer guided her car into her favorite parking space away from the trees. Summer engaged the convertible top's motor and slowly the dark top closed over her head. She quickly checked her make-up, re-fluffed her hair and headed into the school building which was a place she had always felt so energized to go into each day. Now she viewed the school as her private display zone because she did not know what her Master may make her do and what others would think of her.

As Summer approached the administration office, she was hopeful that she would not run into Shirley as the encounter with her on Monday had unnerved her as she had never ever thought that she could be forceful with another woman and yet, the idea of making Shirley do as she directed caused Summer to smile briefly to herself.

Sure enough, Shirley was already at her post outside of Principal Harding's office. Summer watched as Shirley gave her the once over, smiled at her and then went back to her computer screen. Summer was relieved to not have to deal with Shirley this morning. Summer picked up her mail and headed to her classroom. The quickest way to her classroom was the back stairwell, but those steps would play havoc on her legs in the new heels as well as the pain she was feeling in her ass from the paddling last night.

As she climbed the stairs, Summer was unaware that she was being watched intently by the pick-up truck riders. They had quietly followed Summer down the hall and had positioned themselves so that every step Summer took, they could see straight up her skirt and they could see the tops of her thigh hi's as well as the lower curves of her ass. They were all quite pleased with their view and to the fact that their stiff, but hot looking English teacher was wearing a thong.

Summer heard the giggling from inside the stairwell, but paid it no attention. As she unlocked her door, she found an envelop that had been slipped there after she had left last night. Summer had been in a fairly good mood considering she felt like she would be left alone for three days because Todd, Master T, was out of town until late on Thursday on his Washington, DC trip. Summer bent down to pick up the envelop and as she did, she felt the hem of her skirt rise in the back and she felt eyes upon her. As she wheeled around on her four inch, black ankle strapped heels; she saw feet scurrying away from her door. She was not sure what they saw, but she was pretty confident that they would have been able to at least see the lace tops of her thigh hosiery.

She quickly moved to her desk, set the envelop and her school bag on top of the desk. She pulled out her chair, sat down and winced immediately in pain as the strokes from Master T's paddling reminded Summer that she had been punished for not following Master T's strict instructions. She opened the envelop and pulled out a single piece of paper that detailed her day:

Slut,

I hope that your ass is still sore and the pain reminds you of the punishment that you will receive if you do not follow my every instruction to a T. I have placed a camera in the back of your class room and it is supported with a wireless transmitter and an extended life battery. You can check for yourself if you like as it is pointed directly at your desk where you will be sitting most of the day. For each class period, you will sit on your desk to give instructions. Each class will begin with you behind your desk and after the last student is seated, you will begin your lecture, then get out of your chair, walk around your desk and then sit on top of your desk facing your students. The camera will be pointed directly at you in this position and I will want you to put on a show for me, which will of course benefit the other students if they are paying attention to your lecture. At lunch today, you will go to the student restroom on your floor, go into the last stall, strip off your blouse & bra, pull your skirt up around your waist, pull your thong panties down to your ankles (they must touch the floor), face the toilet, place your left hand on the back of the toilet and with your right hand you are to insert your black butt plug into that tight asshole of yours. You are allowed to use your KY jelly if you brought it with you today. If you did not, then use whatever liquids you have available to you, but insert that butt plug in your ass. Once inserted turn towards the stall door with your panties still around your ankles; you are to rub your erect clit until you cum. Once you have had your orgasm, you may get redressed and eat your lunch in the teacher's lounge. You are not allowed to take the butt plug out of your ass. There will be another note for you later today.

Master

Summer could not believe her misfortune. She had thought that she would be able to enjoy the next three days without interruption from Todd (Master T), but here first thing on Tuesday morning she knew that she was under his command and there was no getting around the issue. Summer glanced quickly at her wall clock and noticed she had 15 minutes until her first period class. She had three classes before her lunch break, her ass was hurting from the spanking she received last night and her forehead was now gleaming with a light sweat due to the sudden realization of the total control that Master T had over her even in his absence.

Summer quickly put away her school bag and went to place her lunch in her classroom refrigerator. When she opened the door, she found a small cup with a cap sitting in the refrigerator. She did not recognize the cup and as she lifted it out of the refrigerator, she saw the words on the cup's top that read, "pour contents of the container into your morning coffee". Summer opened the container and looking inside she was able to determine that it was cum. "Oh my God," Summer quietly said to herself as she had purchased a non-fat latte from Starbucks on the way into school. Now she had to pour Master T's cum into her morning coffee so he could watch her drink his cum.

Summer put her lunch bag containing the light salad and low calorie yogurt into the refrigerator. She was having to eat very lightly as she had been told to lose 5 ponds this week and she did not want to make Master T mad because she failed to lose the weight she had been directed to lose.

Dejectedly, Summer walked back to her desk with the container in her hand. She knew that she was being watched or at least being filmed and that she had to pour Master T's cum into her coffee. Summer took the top off of the container and the top to her coffee. The warm aroma of her coffee filled her nostrils and then it was interrupted by the fragrant smell of the cum as she tried to pour it into her cup. But, because it had been in her refrigerator, it had become a glob of cum rather than liquid. Summer had took her finger and scraped the cum into her coffee cup. She smelled the cum and she remembered the fucking that she received the night before and how Master T's cum had oozed our of her most of the night. Once she was satisfied that Master T would be pleased that she had done as directed, she reached for a tissue and started to wipe her fingers of the cum. But, Summer thought better of it because she knew that Master T would not want her to waste his cum. Summer brought her finger up to her lips and facing the area where the camera was situated; she extended her tongue and licked the residual cum from her fingers.

Todd, watching from his home computer, quietly smiled as he saw his slut English teacher drinking her coffee with his cum flavoring it for her. He could not believe that in five short days, he had transformed this mature teacher into his willing slut. He could not wait until he got back from his Washington trip so that he could complete Summer's transformation into his willing slut. Marcos was already designing her "tramp" stamp, which would be a replica of the school mascot, the Screaming Eagle.

Todd had also decided that he would let Marcos put his trademark neck tattoo on the back of Summer's neck near shoulder height. The tattoo would only be seen if her hair was pulled up into a bun, but Todd had already decided that a shorter bob cut was in Summer's future. Summer would also be getting a barbed wire tattoo around her thigh at a height that would be hidden under her short skirts, but clearly visible when she was seated.

Todd watched as the first of the students began arriving into his slut's classroom. He was sad to know that he would have to log off soon, but he wanted to watch the beginning of her first lecture.

Summer, lost in thought as she drank her cum flavored coffee, did not fully realize her classroom was full until the blaring of the school bell signifying that her day had begun. As demanded by Master T, Summer began her lecture by telling the students to open their books where she ended yesterday's lecture. As she began, Summer slowly stood up from her chair and walked around to the front of her desk. With every eye on her, she continued talking; she backed up to the edge of the desk, rested her ass cheeks against the edge of the desk and with both hands, Summer slowly and painfully slid back onto the desk. 


Now Summer was embarrassed with her skirt selection, even though she knew that Master T would be pleased. She did not dare look down because she knew from the facial expressions of Melanie in the first row as well as two of the boys that she was sitting with at McDonalds last night. Summer bit the inside of her mouth, crossed her legs and continued with her lecture. Summer concentrated more on keep her legs crossed and not revealing anything more than a very brief glimpse of the very top of her thigh hi's. She prayed that the class bell would ring soon as she was beginning to feel the urges in her pussy to be stroked. The sheer terror of being made to expose herself in this way to high school seniors was turning her on right there in the classroom.

Summer was brought back to reality by the end of class bell and she did not move from her perch on top of her desk until the last student, though leering at the slit in her skirt, quietly exited the classroom. Only then, did Summer slip off of the desk.

When she sat back down behind her desk, she saw the message light flashing on her phone. She opened the text message window and found a text from Master T, "Slut, your skirt is too long and you are not allowed to cross your legs" was all it said.

How can I go through class today with my legs uncrossed sitting on top of my desk she wondered to herself? But, that thought passed as the second period students started streaming into the classroom. Summer began as she was instructed and then walked to the front of her desk. As she slid up on top of the desk, Summer remembered the text, made sure the skirt rode up and she continued her lecture without ever crossing her legs. Summer was glad that she had selected black panties today as they were at least a little harder to see. Her third period went as the first two periods did with her on top of her desk and the students in the first two or three rows paying attention only to her legs and the slit in the skirt.

By her lunch period, Summer's panties were a wet mess. She was breathing deeply and her nostrils were flared as she was very turned on from the stimulation of the directions from her master as well as the looks she was receiving from her students. Summer did not understand why it was having such an effect on her, but she realized that the need to serve was very strong.

Summer gathered up her school bag, got her lunch out of the fridge and then headed down to the girl's restroom on her floor. As she walked in, the door to the first stall swung open and it was Melanie. Summer noticed that the 18 year old senior's face was a bit flushed and she watched as Melanie was buttoning her blouse as she approached the mirror.

As Melanie's eyes fixed on Summer she smiled and then told her English teacher that she really enjoyed the lecture today and that she thought the skirt she had on was really hot. Melanie also told her teacher that she really liked the thigh hi's she had on and asked where Summer bought them.

Summer was uneasy answering Melanie's questions with the knowing look on her face. Summer felt like Melanie could probably tell she was flustered and that she might be a little turned on because she could feel her pierced nipples pressing against the material of her black lace bra. Thank goodness she was wearing a dark blouse today as the red colored garment did not reveal her erect nipples.

Summer excused herself and went into the last stall as she had been instructed. Summer hung the lunch bag and her teacher bag on the hook on the back of the stall door. That is when she realized why Todd had picked this particular stall. Summer noticed that the door lock had been either removed or destroyed and she could not secure the door. Also, there was a window in the wall which exposed the stall to the outside world should anyone be paying any attention to it.

Fortunately it was on the second floor so there was no direct view into the stall. At least Summer thought there wasn't, but as she looked out the window and began unbuttoning her blouse as she had been instructed, she noticed the county maintenance crew was on the property and the extended bucket from the maintenance crew's truck was elevating up the side of the building as it lifted what looked like light fixtures.

Though the truck's extended arm was not directly over the window, Summer felt quite sure that an unsuspecting young girl could be viewed by the workers should they be so inclined to look into the window. Summer wondered if Master T had that planned for her or was it just a chance occurrence. No matter, Summer felt the urge to comply with her instructions and quickly finished unbuttoning her blouse, untucked from her skirt, slipped it off of her shoulders and then hung it on the hook that held her bags.

Next Summer reached behind her back and unclasped her black lace bra and it now joined her blouse on the hook. Summer pulled her skirt up to her hips as Master T had instructed and then she placed her thumbs inside the bands of her black lace thong and slowly lowered it over her hips and then she let it fall to the floor around her ankles. Summer was careful not to let it fall off her shoes as there was no telling what may have been on the floor in that stall.

Summer reached into her bag and withdrew the one and a half inch diameter black butt plug. Summer was mad at herself for not thinking about lubrication for the plug in the event that she would have to insert it during the school day, but she had no way to anticipate that Master T would force her to do that in school. She should know better by now though.

For lubrication Summer had two choices. She could either use juices from her very wet pussy or she could use her own saliva. As Summer stared at the plug, the noise from running water startled her. She knew that students would probably come and go through the bathroom on the way to lunch. Summer was hopeful that none of them would take a particular interest in the last stall. 

Summer decided the best thing to do was to take saliva and rub it on her asshole while she slid the butt plug into her very wet pussy. In that way she could lubricate both at the same time and hopefully get the degrading task over with as fast as possible. Turning around, black thong around her ankles and placing her left hand on the toilet as instructed, Summer inserted the black plug into her pussy. Then she used the middle finger of her right hand to take saliva from her mouth and she rubbed over the bud of her ass hole. Summer felt the lips of her asshole had puckered a bit, but that it was fairly easy to insert her finger but she had to be cautious because of her French tipped nails, though they were not overly long as she had found it impossible to type accurately with long nails. Summer repeated taking saliva from her mouth and applying it to both the puckered lips of her asshole as well as inside.

With confidence that she had lubricated her asshole sufficiently, Summer began slowly fucking the black butt plug in and out of her pussy. She was still leaning over the toilet bracing herself with her left hand as it rested upon the water exchanger that came out of the wall. Summer pulled the butt plug out of her pussy and brought it up to her eyes so that she could see if it was lubricated. Summer could see a fine layer of her pussy juice on the butt plug and she felt that it was adequately lubricated for insertion into her ass.

Summer placed the tip of the black butt plug up to her puckered anus and with the aid of the saliva; she was able to quickly force the butt plug completely to the base into her ass. Then as instructed, Summer, with her black thong still around her ankles, turned around and faced the unlocked door to the stall. Summer allowed her hands to slide up to her pierced nipples, which she noticed were fully erect. She grabbed each piercing and began to pull lightly so that her nipples were stretched outwardly.

Summer then slid her right hand down to her clit and she was pleased to find that it was standing erectly. She was able to begin a quick circular motion touching on the very tip of her clit. But, for some reason, just the finger stimulation of her clit was not sufficient to bring her to a quick orgasm. Summer then slid her left hand down to her now dripping pussy and quickly inserted her ring and middle finger into her sopping wet hole. 

Summer tilted her head backwards and was unaware of the two sets of eyes on her. The bucket of the county maintenance crew truck had worked its way up the wall and was now poised in a position that allowed the occupant of the bucket to peer directly into the window and he saw a woman in the stall topless, head thrown back and who appeared to be in the throes of an orgasm

The other set of eyes belonged to the nosey Melanie who had pretended to exit the bathroom, but had quietly made her way to the stall door and leaning over had been able to watch the entire scene of the butt plug insertion and now the masturbation of her teacher right there in the girl's bathroom. Summer's body erupted in a mind shattering orgasm and she was only able to control the sound by biting her lower lip and concentrating on the orgasm in her pussy while not letting the sounds of satisfaction escape her lips.

Melanie saw the orgasm and realized that her stoic English teacher was in fact a real hottie needing release during the day. But Melanie wondered why her teacher had chosen the girl's bathroom when the teacher lounge surely contained a private bathroom that would have afforded the teacher privacy. No matter, Melanie had been able to watch a grown woman have an orgasm. Melanie had also seen the nipple piercings as well as the piercings in each of the teacher's labia lips.

Melanie thought back to her bathroom orgasm just experienced minutes before her English teacher had entered. Melanie's orgasm had been the result of a text that her sometimes boyfriend Todd Spillers had sent to her detailing how nice it would be if she went into the girl's bathroom on the second floor, take off her blouse, bra, pleated skirt and her pink thong. Melanie, missing her boyfriend, had very willingly gone into the first stall and done as Todd had asked. She also was very easily convinced to take a picture and send it via text to Todd as he was on his way up to Washington on the Amtrak train. It was quite a coincidence that her English teacher had decided to use the girl's bathroom at almost that very moment.

Todd would be able to see Melanie's perky 18 year old nipples that were adorned with fresh gold ring piercings with a red ball in each ring. Todd had also convinced Melanie to shave her pussy of all of her sandy blonde pubic hair, though she did not have a lot there. But what was there before was no longer on her pussy mound. Todd had also made sure that any hair along the crack of her ass as well as her ass hole was gone. Melanie had purchased a supply of Nair for hair removal from sensitive areas, but it was not specifically designed for the ass, but around the mouth of women. But, Melanie liked the way it felt to be completely void of any hair down there and she loved feeling the area now, which made her orgasm so much better.

As she saw Summer begin to wake from her orgasmic trance, Melanie stepped back away from the door, but she could still see the black thong around the teacher's black strapped heels, which had been the thing that caught Melanie's attention in the first place. Melanie slowly slinked across the bathroom floor being careful not to scrape the tips of her four inch red heels on the tiled floor. Before Melanie opened the door to the bathroom, she reached under her pleated skirt and pressed the thin strip of material into her pussy making sure that the black vibrating egg was snuggly in place. Melanie had the remote control in her hand and she switched to the level one position, placed the remote into her pocket book and headed out the door to the lunch room where she knew that an orgasm in front of all those students was surely in her future.

Summer was startled by the noise of the opened then shutting door. "Who could that have been," she whispered to herself. Summer regrouped, bent over to pull up her thong to make sure that the butt plug remained snuggly fitted into her ass. As she pulled her slit skirt down over her hips and straightened it, Summer for some reason glanced out of the window to find a pair of eyes glued to her through the bathroom window. Summer realized that her entire experience in the girl's bathroom had been watched through the leering eyes of the black maintenance worker from his perch atop the bucket truck.

Summer quickly turned her back to the window and slipped on the black lace bra. Summer then slipped her arms through the sleeves of her dark red blouse, buttoned it up to her conservative level and then tucked the bottom of the blouse back into her skirt. Summer unhooked her bag and lunch sack from the stall door hook, opened the door and quickly made her way out of the girl's room.

As Summer exited the bathroom, she did not notice Melanie's eyes as she watched her now favorite teacher. Melanie watched as Summer's ankle strapped black heels clicked down the corridor of students on her way to the back stairs. Melanie felt the stirrings of another orgasm in her panties so she concentrated on her own trek down to the lunch room hoping to find a vacant spot to sit and experience her first orgasm in public. She was beginning to like how Todd made her feel and how much she enjoyed the idea of pleasing him.

Summer's trip down the stairs was painful and erotic at the same time. The downward steps in her heels forced her puckered anal lips to rub against the base of the black butt plug. Summer could feel the tip of the plug touch areas in her abdomen with each step she took. Finally, Summer reached the bottom step and was able to compose herself before she headed down the hallway to the school lunchroom. The teacher's lounge was just off the corridor to the student lunchroom and Summer felt uneasy with the way she was being looked at by some of the students, male and female.

As she reached the door to the lounge, Summer was almost run over by Shirley who thankfully had just finished her lunch. Shirley's elbow rammed directly into Summer's left breast, which caused Summer to angrily say, "Shit Shirley, look-out where you are going." "Sorry Ms. Wayne, I was hurrying back to the office as Mr. Harding needs me right away."

Summer entered the teacher lounge and found a corner table where she could sit and eat alone. The moment that her ass cheeks touched the chair seat Summer was reminded of the paddling she received last night and felt the black butt plug go deeper into her body. Summer wiggled her ass unseen by others in the lounge to get the plug more comfortably placed. Then, Summer went about eating her small salad and fat free yogurt. She was being watched closely by the other teachers in the lounge because they were all seeing her change in appearance, the hair behind her ears revealing the interesting piercing in the left ear, the less conservative attire they were used to seeing and those stockings. No teachers wore stockings to school and yet, here was the conservative Ms. Wayne, the English teacher wearing hose like a local slut might do on a Saturday night.

The associate principal, Jason Brown was quite interested as he had been keeping an eye on this mature beauty for some time. He had seen her in the parking lot with young Todd Spillers and he had been watching her actions since last Friday particularly, but that was only a confirmation that deep down Ms. Wayne may be a target for him and his buddies. He ran with a group of associate principals who were all about the same age and talked about their teacher conquests all the time. Maybe he could add the emerging Ms. Wayne to their stable of fuck mates. "Only time will tell he thought to himself," as he finished his sandwich and headed out the door.

Summer's ass began to ache as did her asshole so she put her lunch away and headed back to her classroom. She had an extra 15minutes before the next period and she could use it to rest and calm her nerves. She had three more periods today: two English classes with a study hall in between each of the classes. Summer thought she might make it through the classes because she was not required to sit on her desk if she was not lecturing the students and there was no lecture in study hall.

Upon entering her classroom, Summer's cell phone signified the receipt of a text message. She closed the door to the classroom and made sure that the blinds were closed because she knew that the text was from Master T and she would have the privacy needed to answer the text. Summer sat down at her desk, put away her lunch bag and opened the phone to reveal that in fact she had received a text from Master T.

"Slut, I hope you enjoyed your lunch. I need to verify the butt plug is where it should be. Stand in front of your desk with your ass facing the back of the classroom. Pull your skirt up over your hips, pull the strap of your thong to the side and bend over your desk. Once in this position, use both hands to spread your ass cheeks."

Without even replying and without a choice, Summer did as instructed. Once she was face down on her desk, she reached behind and grabbed both of her still terribly sore ass checks and spread them.

Todd watching on his closed video feed from his English teacher's classroom made Summer lay across her desk for five minutes before he texted the next message. "Slut I am pleased. Now, without pulling your skirt down, go to your closet and there you will find a present for you. Do as the note says."

Summer quickly complied with Master T's instructions and walked across the room to her closet. Her skirt was still around her waist as she reached for the closet door. As she opened the door, she found a plain paper bag and opened it. Inside Summer found a folded piece of paper and a box. Summer opened the note and read, "Slut, inside this box you will find two Ben Wa balls. You are to insert these in your already wet cunt and they are to remain there until your study hall is over."

Summer opened the box and saw two round silver balls lying in the silk liner of the box. Summer took the two balls into her hand and rolled them around in her hand. The balls were not heavy, but not light either. She had read about these types of insertion devices before, but had never seen them until now. Summer studied the balls for a brief moment trying to determine the best way to insert them into her pussy. 

Summer decided the best approach would be from the front. She spread her legs as far as she could without restraint as the hem of her skirt was above her waist. She took the first ball and she easily slid it inside her very wet pussy. Summer then took the second ball and began inserting it, but it was a bit more difficult to insert as her pussy was filled with the first ball and the butt plug was causing a reduction in the walls of her pussy. Summer placed two fingers against the ball and with her other hand pulling her pussy lips apart; she was able to push the second ball into her pussy.

The first thing that Summer noticed was how full she now felt. Secondly, she felt the balls rub together and that feeling was new as well as unusual to her. With the balls securely inserted into her pussy, Summer pulled her skirt down just as the bell rang to start the next period. Summer walked to her desk and immediately felt the erotic sensation that she had read about Ben Wa balls. How was she going to make it through two classes with those inside her with the addition of the butt plug pressing against the walls of her ass and pussy?

As Summer sat down at her desk, the sensations in her ass and pussy were almost overwhelming. She felt like she was fully stuffed and that she could not stand anymore stimulation. But, here she was beginning her lecture to the fifth period English class. And, as her master had instructed, Summer began the lecture from her desk chair, but then moved to the front of her desk. Summer gingerly raised her ass onto the top of her desk. The pressure of that movement forced the black butt plug deeper into her anal passageway and also forced the Ben Wa balls to click against one another as well as up against the wall of her pussy against the length of the butt plug.



Summer remembered that she was to put on a show for her master even though it meant that many of her students could possibly see too. But, the pressure of the butt plug and the Ben Wa balls made it almost impossible for her to sit on the desk comfortably. Summer had to almost rock her ass against the desk to find a reasonably comfortable position from which she could conduct her lecture. Summer had her literature book in her lap, but she knew that she could not cover her legs or the slit of the skirt from Master T's view. As she lifted the book from her lap, Summer saw that her movements had forced the hem of her skirt up higher than ever before and now the slit was all the way to the top of the hose on her legs. It was impossible for anyone to miss the creamy thighs that peeped out of the hem of the dress or the black lace thong of her panties. Summer tried to concentrate on the lecture and forget about the show that the boys in the front row were getting. Summer immersed herself in the lecture, but she was quite sure that no one learned a thing in fifth period. Finally, the bell rang signaling the end of the Summer's fifth period torture and her students reluctantly left the room.

Summer quickly lifted her ass off of her desk and scurried around to her chair. She quickly slid the chair under the desk, squirmed her ass on the chair bottom and was almost able to calm the itch in her pussy. Summer could not believe the effect that the balls and butt plug where having on her. She could feel her pussy becoming wetter by the minute. She was thankful that she had chosen a dark skirt for Tuesday's classes.

After all of the study hall students had taken their seats, Summer told them all that this was a quiet period study hall today and that she would not allow noise today. After the grumbling subsided, Summer opened her personal laptop and quickly connected to the internet utilizing a local free wireless connection that she had learned to use. She was cautious about going on line at the school because of all the filters and site restrictions that the school system had in place. She just wanted to check her personal email account to see if James had written to her.

Sure enough there was an email from her husband that told her all about his first week of the extended trip he was on. He had originally been scheduled for two weeks, but his boss had told him that he needed to stay an additional month so that the deal James had been working on could close. Summer of course was terribly disappointed with the extended stay. But now that she was in the predicament that she was in, it was better that James was away.

James's email advised Summer that he would be on-line in the morning his time and would love to Skype with her. She was very excited to see his face and hear her husband's voice after the last couple of days since that last chatted on the phone on Sunday morning. That day had led to her humiliation at the hands of her former best friend Lisa and her husband Steve. She shuddered at remembering the things they made her do and did to her especially the backyard rape with the corona bottle in her ass.

As she was going through her emails, she saw that she had one from each of her boys. She thought she might save them for the evening so that she would have time to write back to them when she enough time to pen a long response to her boys.

Then she saw it. There was an email from the account that caused her stomach to ache and her pussy to become aroused. It was amazing the effect that Todd had on her. She noticed that there was an attachment indicated by the paper clip icon in the email. Summer wondered if she dared open it in her classroom. But, the subject line on the email, "open during study hall" left her with no choice but open it. Summer glanced around the room and noticed that all of the students were occupied with their studies. Summer was very glad that for once it was not a free for all there. Summer clicked to open the email and began to read,"Slut, I am enjoying your show there in the classroom. I am guessing that some of my classmates are doing the same. Now you're most important task is quickly approaching as for the last class period you will be required to walk around to conduct your lecture. In this way, your Ben Wa balls will be rubbing the inside of your cunt as well as up against the bulge created by your black butt plug. To make it more interesting for you, go immediately to the girl's bathroom on your floor, go into the same stall as before then strip off your blouse, bra and skirt. Let the thong slip all the way to the floor, but do not take it off as I want your feet bound by the thong material. You are to face the window in that stall, spread your feet as far as the material of your thong will allow. Slut you are to fuck the butt plug in and out of your ass until you reach another orgasm. Once you have had your orgasm, you may put your blouse and skirt back on, you are allowed and you are allowed to take the butt plug. But, the Ben Wa balls are not to be taken out. You are to take your bra, thong and butt plug back with you to the classroom in your hands. You are not allowed to take a bag nor are you allowed to place them inside your clothes. Slut, if you feel like you should disobey me, take a look at the attached picture." Master

Summer clicked on the link to the attachment. When it opened, Summer's face went pale. It was a picture of her in the classroom, bent over her desk with her hands spreading her ass cheeks to reveal the base of the black butt plug extending from her asshole.

Summer quickly exited the email account and logged off of her computer. She advised the class that she had to run an errand and that they were to conduct themselves as if she was still in the classroom.

As instructed, Summer did not take anything with her on the short walk to the girl's bathroom. As she walked, Summer could feel the vibrations of the balls in her pussy and they made her feel quite strange. She felt like she could hear a faint clicking as she walked, but maybe she was imagining that. As she entered the bathroom, Summer realized that two of the four stalls were occupied with the adjacent stall to the fourth stall being one of the occupied ones. "Oh dear god, how can I do as instructed if there is someone next to me," Summer asked herself.

Summer clicked across the tiled floor until she reached the fourth stall. Summer pushed the door closed but was again concerned because it could not be locked. Summer sat down on the toilet for a few minutes in the hopes that the girl in the stall next to her would leave. The girl was involved in a phone conversation on her cell phone with her mother, which was prohibited in school, but the young girl obviously did not care.

Summer looked at her watch and realized that she only had 15 minutes before the class bell rang indicating that last period was to begin. With renewed strength, Summer began unbuttoning blouse and when she finished, she hung on the hook on the stall door. Next she unclasped her black lace bra and it joined her blouse on the back of the door. Summer unzipped the skirt and as she stood up, the skirt fell to the floor gathering around her ankles. She quickly stepped out of the skirt and after carefully squatting down to retrieve it, Sumer placed it on the hook. Now, Summer was down to the black lace thong. How was she going to be able to slip the thong down her legs without allowing the butt plug as well as the Ben Wa balls from escaping?

Summer decided to slip her fingers into the side stings of her thong and she slowly rolled the material over her hips and down her thighs. She wondered to herself if there was a way to do as Master T had demanded and have an orgasm without taking her thong all the way off. He could not have a camera in the bathroom and there was no way anyone could see into the cubicle anyway. Then, Summer remembered that no matter how careful she was, for some reason, Master T had the ability to see through her. 

Reluctantly, Summer let the thong slip down her legs and it pooled around her ankles lying close to the ankle bracelet that now defined her. Summer turned and faced the window as she began to spread her legs. She kept spreading them until the resistance drew the material of the black lace thong taunt against her ankles. Summer then placed her left hand on the window seal and reached around to her ass to grab the base of the six inch black butt plug. 

Summer began to furiously fuck her ass with the butt plug. She knew that there was only a couple of minutes before the bell ending sixth period and starting her final period. Summer began fucking her hips back to meet the plunging butt plug. Summer could hear the squishy sound of the butt plug entering her ass. She moved her right hand faster and faster all the while looking out the window to watch the maintenance workers go about their jobs.

Summer was lost in her pending ecstasy and was not mindful of the pair of eyes that were looking from under the panel separating her stall from the adjacent stall. There was a quiet gasp and then a hand held device, an Iphone appeared under the panel. Without Summer's knowledge, her teenage neighbor in the adjacent stall was filming her assault on her ass fully nude except for her beige thigh hi's, black four inch ankle strap heels and the black lace thong binding her ankles.

Summer pressed the butt plug deeper into her ass at the same time that her pussy erupted in orgasm. Summer tried to bite her lip to muffle her orgasmic sounds, but she was finding that she was becoming more vocal with each demeaning task Master T forced upon her. She was almost spent because of the sexual stimulation of the butt plug being in her ass all day, the addition of the Ben WA balls and now stripped almost naked in the girl's bathroom fucking herself with the butt plug.

Summer bent slightly and removed the plug from her ass. She noticed that there was some residue from her ass on the plug. Summer then removed her thong from around her ankles and stood up. Summer slipped her red blouse on, after buttoning all but the top two buttons, slipped on the blue skirt making sure that the slit was exactly in the middle of her torso. Summer folded the thong and butt plug into one cup of her black lace bra, folded the garment together, flushed the commode and went to the counter to wash her hands.

Summer did not realize or pay attention to the camera phone following her every move until she exited the stall. She had been so enthralled in her adherence to Master T's instructions and the subsequent orgasm, that she did not see Melanie's I phone peering into her cubicle recording her degradation.

Summer quickly exited the girl's bathroom and hurriedly clicked her heels down the corridor to her room. Summer had to walk in such a manner as to keep her pussy lips tightly closed so that the two silver Ben Wa balls did not embarrassing fall out. When she entered the room, she had her left hand behind her back (she was being coy) because Master T had not told her where to hold the garments. She easily slid into her desk chair and was pleased that the room was quiet as well as having performed the task assigned to her by Master T and no one finding out about it.

Melanie sat on her toilet sit and re-watched the sexual escapes of her English teacher. She could not believe that it really was Ms. Wayne doing those things in the girl's restroom of all places again. She had never seen an instrument like the one Ms.Wayne had been fucking her ass with, but Melanie was definitely going to get one if she could. Melanie's hands found their way under her pleated skirt, inside her pink thong that was still moist from her earlier orgasms: one in the bathroom earlier in the morning just before Ms. Wayne had entered and then the second in the lunchroom with the vibrating egg buzzing her to orgasm while she sat at the table with her friends.

Melanie furiously rubbed her erect clit with her right hand and her left hand found its way up to her perky nipples. Melanie was able to slide her hand inside her bra and she began to tweak the right then the left nipple until she was able to achieve another orgasm. 

As she calmed down from her orgasm, Melanie made sure to save the video evidence of Ms. Wayne's sex show in the bathroom. She figured that she would find it quite helpful in achieving the scores she needed to get into the right college. Melanie packed her phone away and made sure that it was secure so that the video it contained would be preserved until she got home and was able to download it onto a disk she had at home for the things she had recorded for Todd. She thought to herself how she might surprise him with the video and how that might please him.

Summer settled into her chair and noticed how empty her ass felt. She had forgotten to wipe her pussy and her ass and she could feel her body fluids seeping out of her pussy as well as out of her ass. She was turned on and she could feel her erect nipples pushing at the cloth of her blouse. The two undone buttons revealed some cleavage, but not an unreasonable amount. But, Summer felt like ripping her clothes off, lying down on her desk and asking the boys in the room to fuck her. "God, what is the matter with me," she said under her breath.

Summer started the lecture and got lost in the book, but not really into the class itself. She was startled by one of the students raising her voice somewhat asking if there would be any homework tonight. Summer could not think straight and told them all that they were not going to have home work tonight. She heard the audible "Yes" for almost all of her students. Sitting there at her desk she suddenly felt her face go white as she realized that she had conducted the entire lecture from the chair at her desk and had not complied with Master T's specific instructions. "Maybe he did not watch this afternoon," Summer thought to herself. But, she forgot early on that Todd was a video/computer expert and Todd had made sure that the remote transmitter relayed the signal to his home recording devices.

As the bell rang, with the Ben Wa balls still in her cunt, Summer started gathering up her school supplies because she had a 3:45 PM appointment at the tanning salon and she did not want to be late. She was hoping that the clerk at the tanning salon, Sandy, would not be there. Summer did not think that she could endure another embarrassing session with her.

Just as Summer was about to close her cabinet and lock it, Melanie Hart wandered into her classroom. Melanie's entrance startled Summer at first, but then it aggravated her because she knew the purpose of Melanie's visit as she had made it clear at the McDonalds that she wanted to do all the extra work necessary to ensure an A in her AP English class. Summer had told Melanie that she never allowed "extra" work and that the grade Melanie earned with hard study was the grade that she would receive.

Melanie walked right up to her English teacher almost blocking her movements from the locked cabinet. Melanie was really trying to get close enough to Ms. Wayne to see if she smelled like sex. It appeared to Melanie that her English teacher was a bit flushed and she noticed that the top two buttons of her blouse were not buttoned and she had a pretty good view of her cleavage, but nothing more. But wait, she wasn't wearing a bra now. Isn't that interesting?

"Melanie, I am on my way to an appointment. Can you please tell me why you are here," inquired the frustrated English teacher.

Melanie slowly formed her response, "Ms. Wayne, I am here to talk with you further about our conversation last night at McDonalds. You remember don't you?"

"Yes, Melanie I remember you were sitting with your friends and you asked me about extra credit in my class. My answer remains the same for your class, this year and all of my years of teaching. I do not give extra credit ever. You determine what your grade will be," Summer replied in an agitated way.

"But, Ms. Wayne, I need an A in your class so that I will get the AP credit applied to my college courses and I have an 88 right now," pleaded Melanie.

Melanie was baiting the trap so that she could spring it on her hot English teacher at a later time, but she wanted to plant the seed of discontent with Ms.Wayne.

Summer was having none of the pleadings of a teenager. Summer had to be very cautious with Melanie in the room as she could feel the balls in her pussy and she was having to concentrate quite intently to make sure that they did not fall out. "Melanie, you are a senior at this school, you are now 18 years old and you are one of the class leaders. You certainly should understand and appreciate my position," Summer told her in no uncertain terms.

Melanie would not let up and said, "Ms. Wayne you know how important is to me. You also know that my mother, who is s school board member, is very set in her opinion that I be able to attend the state university. I would hate for her to know that you were the reason I did not get in!"

Summer took a small breath to calm down. Summer did know Melanie's bitch of a mother. Sandra Wilson, who was divorced from Melanie's father, and had married for money the second time around by snaring Frank Wilson who was the lead partner at the biggest and best firm in Atlanta. Summer of course did not want Sandra Wilson to be an enemy as it could cause her some problems, but not the firing kind as Summer was a 20-year employee of the school system and almost untouchable unless she did something to disgrace the school or was involved in some sort of criminal activity.

"Melanie, I cannot talk to you anymore about this subject right now as I have to leave," replied Summer as she continued to do kegels in her pussy.

Melanie knew she had put a thought into her English teacher's mind now and pressed forward, "You know Ms.Wayne, I do not want to use my mother's position in the community. I want to earn everything I deserve, but I have to get accepted at State and your grade is the only thing harming that path right now."

Summer now had to pause because if anyone ever found out about her relationship with Todd, the student, she would be run out of town on a rail. Summer knew that Sandra Wilson would press every button and turn over every rock to ensure that her daughter got into the state university and its long list of A rated sororities of prima donna coeds. Her circumstances as to how she became a slut to Todd would not make one iota of difference to Sandra Wilson. As a matter of fact, if she found out, she would press that very button and there were would be no telling what Sandra Wilson would do to her.

"Melanie, lets get together tomorrow at my lunch period and discuss this further," Summer said with a more placid tone.

Melanie, seizing the momentum, said, "Ms. Wayne that sounds great. I will tell mother how you are being very cooperative and that we can find a way to eliminate your stance on extra work. She will be very happy."

With that, without even saying a word, Melanie turned and walked out of the stunned English teacher's room having totally voided Ms. Wayne's previous stance and not having to grovel to the horny teacher. The thought of Ms. Wayne standing in the window of the bathroom fucking her ass with that toy made Melanie almost cum again. She still had the vibrating egg in her pussy and she decided that the walk to the gym for cheerleading practice was going to be interesting.

Summer could not believe the exchange with Melanie. She had been very forceful in her stance, but somehow, the smart student pulled the rug right out from under Summer and with the veiled threat of going to her school board member mother, had made Summer remember her situation with Master T and she easily succumbed to the bright student. Summer felt like she could salvage her self-esteem later, but right now she had to pack her things and get to the tanning salon. She could not be late because she knew that the salon would report her arrival time to Master T somehow.






Summer slid her bra, thong and butt plug into her teacher bag, picked up her purse, lunch bag and headed to the door to exit her classroom. Right about then, over the intercom, Shirley form the front office said, "Ms. Wayne, please report to Mr. Harding's office."

All Summer could say over the open mic of the intercom system was, "Right away."

Summer looked down to see that she was not very presentable to her principal. She wondered if she had time to go to the restroom and to at least put her bra back on. But, one look at her classroom clock reminded her that she was getting too close to her salon tanning appointment and no message the principal could give her would be worth the dire consequences of not doing as instructed by Master T.

Summer almost ran down the back stairs of the school and brushed briskly by several students as she hurried to the office. Summer could feel her breast bouncing with each step because she was braless and the balls in her cunt were rubbing together in a clicking manner. She could feel her pierced nipples being rubbed by the material of her red blouse. She also had forgotten to re-button the top two buttons on her blouse so her cleavage was more pronounced than she would normally have allowed herself before Master T.

As Summer bolted through the outer doors of the administration office, she ran right into the piercing eyes of Shirley, who said, "Whoa slow down Summer, you might run someone over."

Summer looked at Shirley and asked, "Is Mr. Harding ready for me?"

Shirley replied, "He is on the phone with Sandra Wilson, Melanie's mother. You know her don't you Summer?"

"Yes I know Mrs. Wilson," was all that Summer huffed.

Shirley continued, "Well she has been chewing on Mr. Harding most of the day. It has to do with you and you're not allowing extra credit work in your classroom. It appears that Melanie has gone to mommy and complained about your teaching methods."

Shirley motioned to the chair across from her desk and Summer sat down with Shirley watching her intently as she sat down. Summer was remembering the session with Shirley in the bathroom the day before where she had Shirley in the palm of her hand as she forced her to manipulate her nipples. Shirley had at first been quite dismissive about Summer's nipple piercings, but as she had massaged them at Summer's instructions had been overcome with desire. Shirley had left the bathroom that day and had a wet spot in the crotch of her cotton panties all day.

Summer was lost in thought, kegeling the balls and was not paying attention to the show she was putting on for Shirley. Summer's skirt had hiked up as she sat down and Shirley ever the nosey woman was looking straight at Summer's legs so that she had a direct view of Summer's cleavage. Shirley wondered to herself, "Why is she not wearing a bra to school?"

Summer sat there for what seemed an eternity. She fidgeted with her watch as she saw the time slipping away and her tanning appointment drawing nearer and nearer. Finally, Shirley's phone buzzed and Summer was told that it was ok for her to go into Mr. Harding's office. Shirley, still staring at Summer's cleavage, glanced down as Summer stood and she saw that not only was Summer not wearing a bra, but she was pantyless too. Why is that she wondered?

Summer spent 15 grueling minutes with Mr. Harding going over Melanie Hart's grades and the complaints of her mother, Sandra Wilson, about her inflexibility on her AP class grading system. Summer stood firm the whole meeting with her principal because she had had the same grading system since she was given the AP course and she felt like she was being forced to modify her grading system to appease one student and her influential parent just because that parent sat on the school board.

Summer knew that this was a dangerous position given her current situation with Master T and his demands on her. But, Summer felt confident that she would be able to get out from under Master T's hold upon his return from Washington. Then she would be able to deal more sternly with Melanie and her bitchy mother.

The meeting ended with Mr. Harding agreeing to support Summer and her stance on consistency. However, Mr. Harding did warn Summer that Sandra Wilson was a hard, conniving woman and that Summer had better watch herself in dealings with Melanie. Mr. Harding had also been watching Summer's chest rise and fall during the meeting. He was entranced by the cleavage that his conservative English grade level teacher was showing. He had thought he had noticed a slight bounce to her breasts as she entered the office and he wondered if this conservative teacher was without a bra. "Well, he thought to himself, I will have to keep an eye on Summer Wayne as he squeezed the head of his almost fully erect cock beneath his desk. He had stolen looks at Summer's legs and he loved the fact that she wore thigh hi hosiery instead of awful pantyhose as Mr. Harding was a leg and ass man first.

Once again, as Summer rose from her chair and bent to retrieve her bags, Mr. Harding was gazing at the back of Summer's skirt as it hiked up to reveal the lace of the top band of her hose and from his angle he got a very good look at her cleavage and he confirmed that she indeed did not have on a bra. As he was a widower, Mr. Harding was always on the look-out for a sexual conquest as the last two years of his wife's life had been miserable because of the cancer. Even though Ms. Wayne was married, Mr. Harding decided that he was going to find a way to sink his cock into that beautiful ass.

Summer was oblivious to the scene she was creating by bending over in front of Mr. Harding. But, the only thing on her mind was making the 30 minute drive to the tanning salon in 20 minutes as she was late. Hopefully, Sandy will not be there to torment her, but more importantly, to not tell Master T of her late arrival.

Oh if Summer could be so lucky...............................Next chapter, trouble at the salon and the adult gift and video store.....................poor Summer.


