Summer's Blackmail Ch. 12
bywilcox010©
Summer has spent all day at school on Tuesday stimulated by messages and notes from Master T. She has been watched by Master T through video devices he planted in her classroom before he left for the Washington, DC class trip. With this video device, not only could Todd record his slut English teacher in her classroom, he could also watch a live feed if he had the moment to do so. Summer had been made to have multiple orgasms in the girl's bathroom on her floor, been spied upon by school maintenance workers and had her last session video recorded by Melanie who had been in the bathroom completing her orgasm as required by her sometimes boyfriend Todd Spillers who was away on the class trip to Washington. He would be back in time to attend the Friday night football game where Melanie, as the senior captain, led the school cheerleading squad.

Summer was making her way down the corridor of the school heading to the parking lot designated for teachers. Summer was not wearing a bra nor was she wearing her panties as she had not had time to put them on before her meeting with Principal Harding. Summer was very conscious of the Ben WA balls in her pussy and she was quite nervous that they might fall out at any moment during her walk to her car. As she reached the back stairwell, the door suddenly opened and Summer came face-to-face with Melanie Crenshaw, daughter of Sandra Wilson who had been the reason Summer was running late to her tanning appointment. Sandra Wilson had been talking to Principal Harding most of the day detailing how disappointed she was in Summer's grading system and complaining about her lack of compromise.

"Hi, Ms. Wayne, I heard that my mother called Principal Harding. I am sorry that she did that, but I am really worried that your grading system might affect my admission to State," said Melanie.

Summer quickly replied, "Ms. Hart, I have been in meeting with Principal Harding for the past 20-minutes of so. We have discussed your situation and Mr. Harding agrees with my position. I am late to another meeting, so we can discuss this further tomorrow."

With that, Summer tried to push by her student, but Melanie successfully blocked her hot English teacher's way by thrusting her arm across the threshold of the door to the stair well. Summer ran right into Melanie's outstretched arm which caused her to lose her grip on her bag and it fell to the floor. Summer was shocked as she saw the contents of her bag spill out onto the floor revealing her bra, thong and butt plug. Melanie was looking down and noticed the bag's contents and quietly smiled to herself. Summer squatted down immediately and stuffed all of the items back into her bag and red faced excused herself to head out to her car.

Melanie was very pleased to know that her English teacher had indeed gone braless during the school day and without her panties too. Melanie remembered the bathroom scene where Ms. Wayne had pushed the black butt plug into her ass. Melanie stepped into the stairwell, opened her video files on her phone and watched again as Ms. Wayne fucked her ass and rubbed her clit all the while looking out the window in the bathroom. Melanie could feel her young pussy getting wet and she had to turn the video off as she had to run to cheerleading practice. She could not wait to get home and share the file with her boyfriend tonight.

Summer hurriedly, almost running, exited the school building clutching her school bag closely to her chest shaken that a student had seen her bra, thong and butt plug. She could not fathom how she might have to explain that she was not wearing those items and what she was doing with a black butt plug in school. But, Summer had other issues to worry about. Her tanning appointment was at 4:00 PM and it was now 3:45, which meant that she was going to be at least 15 minutes late. Summer prayed that Sandy would not be on duty at the salon.

Summer drove over the speed limit, but kept her wits about herself as she did not want to run the red light or be too far over the speed limit. She did not want to run into those two policemen again as she could not risk a further delay or the assault on her body that would be inevitable.

Summer was lucky as she was able to get to the tanning salon without further delay, but she was 15 minutes late. Unfortunately, Sandy was at the front desk as Summer broke through the door, teacher bag clutched to her chest and eyes wide as she saw the look on Sandy's face. 

Sandy flung Summer's tanning bag and shouted at the poor teacher, "Strip off your clothes and slip on your tanning thong. I will join you in room 7 to apply the tanning lotion and nipple covers as required by "Master T" as soon as I am able to help these ladies who got to their tanning appointments on time.

Summer was shaken by Sandy's words because there were two other women the receptionist area and they clearly hear Master T. Summer did not dare look at either of the women as she hustled to her tanning room. Summer looked at the door to room 7 and she was overcome by the memory of room 7 at Marcos' salon and what happened to her this past Saturday.

So as not to cause a further delay, Summer quickly stripped off her four inch heels, unzipped and slide her skirt off. Next she unbuttoned her blouse and slipped it off. She hung both the skirt and blouse on the hook behind the door. She placed her heels under the chair and she slipped her hose into her teacher bag. Next Summer stepped into the tanning thong, slipped it over her hips and pulled it into place making sure to align the side strings with the previous day's tan line so that she would have an even tan line.

Summer then waited until Sandy burst into the room without even a courtesy knock. Sandy did not even pull the door closed to afford Summer any privacy as anyone passing by her room could look directly into the room and see her standing there with only the thin tanning thong.

Sandy towered over Summer as she was just over six feet tall and had been a basketball player at the high school where Summer taught. Unfortunately for Summer, her grading system had prevented Sandy from being able to attend State College and she had been relegated to the local commuter college. Sandy's dark features made her even more intimidating to the 5' 8" teacher. Sandy was a very busty, but athletic woman. Summer had noticed on Monday that she was very fit, but that her breasts were quite large. Today, Sandy had on a tank top that did little to hide the enormous cleavage that was supported by the bright red bra. Summer swore that she could see the tops of Sandy's nipples peaking above her demi cup bra.

Alright slut, you need to put your hands on the back of the chair and spread your legs so I can spread the tanning lotion evenly. As Summer turned around Sandy said to herself, "This is going to be interesting. I think I will have some fun with this bitch."

Sandy told Summer that she was calling her slut because Master T had told her to do so. Sandy went on to tell Summer that she was to obey her every command without question or delay. Sandy then said, "If you do not, then I am sure he will find the appropriate punishment for you. As you know you are 15 minutes late for the session so you have already missed a specific deadline."

Sandy went on to tell Summer that she was required to let Master T know of her tardiness and that she would be required to report how cooperative Summer was during the tanning session. Without any delay, Summer spun around and grabbed the back of the chair. "Spread your legs more slut," Sandy commanded in a very stern voice.

Sandy smiled as the poor English teacher immediately spread her legs as far as she could possibly spread them. Summer felt Sandy's feet pressed against the inside of each of her feet and she was forced to spread her legs even further. Summer was concerned that in this position the two silver Ben WA balls might slip out of her wet pussy. Summer concentrated on squeezing the balls hoping that the current position was as far as she would be forced to spread her legs.

Summer felt Sandy's strong hands start to spread lotion beginning at her shoulders and all down her back. Sandy's strength was amazing and her touch was almost erotic. Summer began to really enjoy Sandy's hands and as her hands were lowered down Summer's back, she used her thumbs to pull at the string sides of the thong and began to pull the thong down over Summer's hips. As Sandy's hands massaged the lotion into Summer's ass cheeks, she thought she heard a low murmur emanating from Summer so she increased the intensity of her massage and worked her fingers down the crack of Summer's ass.

Sandy stopped her massage for just a moment to apply more lotion to the poor teacher's ass cheeks and she pulled at the side strings of the thong. She was only able to pull the thong down below Summer's ass cheeks because her legs were spread wide and held in place by Sandy's feet. Once again, Sandy began massaging Summer's ass cheeks and slowly slid a finger down her crack until she reached the teacher's ass hole. That is when Sandy remembered that Summer was required to have her butt plug in her ass.

"Slut, where is your butt plug?" Don't you remember that you were required to have it inserted when you came to the tanning salon today," Sandy asked sternly.

Summer replied, "Sandy, I was not aware I was supposed to have it in me. I thought my last instruction from Master T at school was to remove it."

"First of all slut, call me Mistress Sandy. Secondly, who told you to think," Sandy asked.

Summer was now perplexed. She knew her instructions from Master T were to take the butt plug out once she had an orgasm in the bathroom. But, here this large physically fit woman was telling her differently. Summer then replied, "Mistress Sandy, I am confused. Should I put the plug in now?"

Sandy thought for a moment and decided she could have a little more fun with this teacher as she had another couple minutes before her next spray tan client came in. "Where is your plug slut," she asked the English teacher.

Summer then said to Sandy, "It is in my teacher bag." Suddenly Summer felt two quick and very hard slaps against her already sore ass cheeks. "What did you call me slut," Sandy asked.

Summer quickly replied, "I am sorry Mistress Sandy. The butt plug is in my teacher bag>"

"Don't move slut," Sandy instructed as she moved from between Summer's legs. She reached into the bag to retrieve the 6 inch long, one and a half inch in diameter black butt plug. Sandy looked for lubrication in the bag, but did not find any. So, she asked the still bent over teacher, "Slut how did you get this plug moist enough to insert into your ass?" 

Answering, Summer replied, "I used my mouth and juice from my vagina Mistress Sandy."

"Slut, why do you call your cunt a vagina? What is it called slut Sandy demanded.

Summer boxed in and in a very compromising position and with the door to room 7 still open says, "Mistress Sandy, it is my cunt. I got it moist from the juices of my cunt."

Sandy took the black butt plug and began to insert it into the teacher's exposed cunt. She noticed how there was no hair around the lips of her cunt nor were there any hairs around her ass hole. Sandy tried to insert the plug full, but it hit something inside Summer's cunt. Sandy asked, "Slut, what is in your pussy? I cannot push this plug in any deeper."

Embarrassed, Summer meekly replied, "Mistress Sandy, I have two Ben WA balls inside me."

"Why do you have those inside you slut," Sandy probed.

"Mistress Sandy, Master T made me insert them today at school before my last period and I was not allowed to take them out," Summer replied.

"Well, we don't have a lot of time and I have other clients coming who are on time and not disrespectful as you are. Slut, take this plug and suck it until it is wet with your saliva," Sandy demanded.

Summer took one of her hands off of the chair, while balancing on the other and reached around to take the butt plug from Sandy's hand. She quickly inserted the butt plug and could taste her liquids from earlier in the day on the plug. She quickly moved the plug in and out of her mouth trying to get as much saliva on the plug to prevent a painful insertion by Sandy.

Once Summer was satisfied that there was enough lubrication on the plug, she handed it back to Sandy. Sandy quickly asked, "What do you want me to do with this butt plug slut?"

Summer knew she was trapped and wanted to get the insertion over with before anyone saw what the big, athletic black woman was doing to her and maker her do to herself.

Summer answered, "Mistress Sandy, please insert the plug into my ass."

With that, Summer felt the tip of the plug against her puckered anus and then without any preparation or sensitivity, the plug was forced completely into her ass. Then Sandy went about completing the application of the lotion to Summer's legs and then told her to stand up, back up to the wall and put her hands above her head.

Summer complied with Sandy's instructions and soon felt the cool lotion being spread with Sandy's strong hands over her upper shoulders, her breasts, around each erect nipple, down her stomach, on her pubic mound and around her hips. Then Sandy ordered Summer to put one foot up on the chair so that she could apply the lotion to her sensitive cunt lips. Sandy concentrated on the clit more than the lips but occasionally played with the lip piercings tugging at them gently with one hand while the other made circular motions round the poor English teacher's even more erect clit.

Sandy could feel Summer getting closing and closer to orgasm and decided it was time to stop. She removed he hands from Summer's cunt lips and clit, finished spreading lotion down each leg and then ordered Summer to once again stand against the wall with her hands above her head.

Sandy took first on nipple and then the other between her index finger and thumb of each hand and began to twist and pull each nipple making sure they were fully erect to ensure that the nipple covers only covered the nipple and not any portion of the breast outs die of the pink areolas of Summer's nipples. Sandy applied the adhesive side of the nipple covers first to the right nipple and then to the left. She of course made sure to pull the cover off of each nipple on time to further stimulate and harden the teacher's nipple.

Once Sandy was satisfied that the fast tanning lotion was appropriately spread she ordered Summer to pull the tanning thong back up over he hips and to make sure that the initial lines from Monday's session were only covered so that the thin strips of the thong would create a small white line to signify the tan she was receiving.

Once Sandy was satisfied that Summer had completed this task, she told Summer to put her tanning goggles on, climb into the bed, lay flat on her back and raise her hands above her head outside the bed. Once in this position, Summer felt metal bracelets being placed around each wrist. Then Summer felt Sandy slid her hand inside the front of her thin tanning thong and slip something inside and against her clit. Summer felt a slight tickle and realized that the tickled was caused by a small electrical cord. She could not imagine what had been placed inside the thong against her clit until she felt the device jump to life and begin a slow stimulation of her clit.

"Slut, this is a clit stimulating device that Master T wanted you to experience each time you tan. He was sure that you would not be able to keep your hands off of the device so I arranged to have you bound to a metal eye bolt in the wall behind you," was all that Summer heard.

Sandy had placed head phones on Summer's ears and when she pressed play, Summer was serenaded by the low humming of a vibrator and the sounds of a woman in ecstasy. Summer listened intently until she was sure that the voice was hers and she began to wonder when Master T had recorded her.

Sandy left the poor English teacher in the tanning bed tied to the wall. Sandy went over to the chair and picked up Summer's bag and purse. Sandy removed one credit card from Summer's wallet and left it on the chair. Sandy took the thigh hi's out of the bag and placed them over the back of the chair. Sandy left the room to return 30 minutes later to start Summer on her next step into depravity.

The inability to use her hands, the constant moans that she was hearing and the vibrations against her clit, were causing Summer to press down against the bed of the tanning bed and try to work the butt plug deeper into her ass. She could feel the Ben WA balls vibrating with the vibrations of the clit stimulation which was making her draw ever closer to orgasm. Summer could not hear the chatter from just outside room 7 as several women were standing in the door way watching what was happening to her. Fortunately for Summer no one in the salon knew her so further risk of discovery did not occur. But, Summer remembered that the door had been open during Sandy's time with her and she did not hear the door close as Sandy exited because of the head phones.

Summer was beginning to fuck her hips up and down to the rhythm of the clit stimulator. The Ben WA balls were being massaged by the walls of Summer's pussy and the butt plug was giving her further stimulation as she was able to slowly fuck it into her ass against the balls inside her pussy. Summer could hear herself reaching orgasm through the head phones and she began to feel her orgasm there in the tanning bed approach. She bucked harder against the bed, tried to grip the Ben WA balls harder and push her clit against the stimulator. She was straining against the bindings and moving her head from side to side. The women in the door way were enthralled to see a mature woman in the throes of orgasm as Summer erupted there in the bed without regard for noise or who may be watching.

As Summer came back to reality from her orgasm, the recording in her ears changed to her Master's voice. She listened as he told her that she was now completely his and that her progress to date was good, but he knew that he could make her a better slut. Tonight was the first opportunity for Summer to be wanton and experience the pleasures of sex with complete strangers. At about that time, the clit stimulator increased its pressure against her clit. She began to once again squirm against the bed slipping her sweat from the heat of the bed. She hear her master tell her that tonight she would be going to a place he was pretty sure that she had never been and that Sandy would be bringing her instructions in a few moments. That being said, she had better cum before he reached 15. As she heard Master T count down from 15, 14, 13 12........Summer could feel her body reacting to the instructions of her Master. As Master T's voice hit three, Summer's whole body erupted into orgasm.

At almost the same time, the tanning bed shut off and Summer felt her hands being released from her shackles. Summer felt the head phones being pulled from her ears and as she tried to move her hands down to touch her clit, she heard Sandy say, "Slut, you are not allowed to touch yourself the rest of the night unless someone directs you to do so."

As Summer was helped out of the bed and removed her tanning goggles, she noticed that the door to room 7 was indeed now closed. At least, she thought, she would have some privacy.

Then Sandy started giving commands to Summer. First Summer had to spray herself with bottled water so that she could cool down. Once the water was applied, Sandy started toweling off the water as well as Summer's sweat. Next Summer was instructed to take the thong off, take the butt plug out of her ass and to remove the Ben WA balls from her pussy. Summer easily complied with the first two instructions, but she was perplexed on how to remove the balls. Sandy was getting impatient and told Summer to remove the balls. Summer thought for a moment and then decided that maybe from a kneeling position; she could use her pussy muscles to push the balls out. As Summer slumped to her knees, her eyes were level with the outline of Sandy's pussy through her tight athletic white biker/running shorts. Summer could see the outline of Sandy's pussy lips through the material of the shorts and she could see the thin outline of a black thong. 



Summer was successful in discharging the balls from her pussy. She caught them in her hands with a little help with her fingers to pull them out. Summer immediately noticed that the balls were fully coated with her juices. Summer waited on the floor until she was given further instructions.

Sandy was amazed at how subservient her former English teacher was being. Sandy wondered how in the world Todd Spillers had been able to transform what she remembered as a prim and ultra conservative teacher into a submissive slut. Sandy's only other thought was that she wished that it was three years earlier and she could have used it to help improve her grades. What it would have meant to be able to force her teacher to do things sexually to please her and to force her teacher to give her better grades. Oh well, I guess I will just have to get my enjoyment from the daily tanning sessions scheduled for Todd's slut every day for the next two weeks. Todd had said that he wanted a deep tan with noticeable thin tan lines. Sandy had suggested the tanning thong, which in fact was a smaller than normal thong for Summer to wear.

Sandy then went on with Todd's instructions. Summer was told to put her thigh hi's back on, as well as her skirt and blouse. Once dressed, Summer was to slip into her four inch heels and then call for Sandy to come back to room 7. Summer watched as Sandy left the room and suddenly noticed that her teacher bag and pocket book were not in the room. The only items now remaining in the room were the clothes and one credit card lying on the chair.

Summer sat down on the chair and tried to gather her thoughts. She wondered what Master T had in mind for her and what he meant in the recording by sex with strangers. Strangers, how many and where? What were his plans for her she thought to herself as she began pulling the beige silk hose up her left leg? Summer noticed that the leg had a slight stubbly feeling and she was terribly concerned about Master T finding out that her legs were not silky smooth. Summer then pulled the thigh hi up her right leg. Once she was satisfied that the hose was in the proper position, Summer slipped her feet into the blue split skirt and pulled it up her legs, over her hips and when around her low waist, Summer pulled the zipper to close the skirt shut. Next Summer pulled on her blouse, buttoned all but the top two buttons and then tucked the blouse into the waist of the skirt. Once dressed, Summer slipped her feet into her heels, opened the door and called for Sandy to rejoin her in room 7. 

After a couple of minutes, Sandy had not come back into the room. Once again Summer opened the door and called for Sandy to come to room 7. Once again, there was no movement from Sandy or any response from her. Becoming concerned, Summer walked out of room 7 and walked up to the front of the store. When she reached the reception desk, she found Sandy sitting on the stool with a look of disgust on her face. Summer immediately knew her error and was unsure of what to do. There were two women sitting in chairs apparently waiting for their turns to tan. Summer knew what she had to say, but she did not want to do it in front of any one else.

Stealing herself and understanding her predicament, Summer walked up to Sandy and in a low voice said, "Mistress Sandy, please come back to room 7 with me."

Sandy did not move nor did she even acknowledge Summer's request. Sandy just sat on the stool, legs spread wide and an evil look across her face. Summer feeling trapped knew that whispering a request was not acceptable, but she had been hopeful. With a stronger voice, Summer pleaded, "Mistress Sandy, won't you please come back to room 7 with me?"

With that Sandy stood up from the stool and looked at the two women and said, "This is my new slut and she is in training for proper respect to her Mistress."

Both women, younger than Summer, but older than Sandy had the look of shock that a woman as young as Sandy would have control over a mature woman such as Summer. They watched as Sandy went up to Summer, spun her around, bent her over at the waist, bent her over the counter, yanked her skirt up over her hips, took out the ruler from the desk drawer and quickly gave Summer 20 strokes across her ass cheeks. Previously, Master T had told Sandy that he wanted Summer's ass to continue to be red and marked to remind her of the punishment she would receive for non-compliance.

Sandy grabbed Summer by the wrist and pulled her down the hallway to room 7 without allowing her to pull her skirt down over her now red ass cheeks. Sandy spun Summer into room 7, slammed the door closed and slapped Summer hard across the left cheek of her face. Cowering, Summer said, "Mistress Sandy, I am sorry for not addressing you properly. Please do not hit me again."

Sandy thought it was now time for her to get a little benefit from her assistance to Todd in further degrading his English teacher. Sandy knew that she could not benefit from an educational perspective as she was in her senior year in college, but she could get some retribution against the teacher who clearly kept her from achieving a degree from the State university.

"Slut, turn around and bend over the chair again," Sandy ordered. 

As Summer immediately complied with Sandy's demand, she felt the strong hands of the young black woman spread her ass cheeks. Summer felt fingers prodding at her pussy lips and heard a low, "MMMMM" escape from Sandy's lips. Summer felt one finger then another being inserted into her pussy.

"Spread your legs wider, Slut," was Sandy's next command. With her hands resting on the seat of the chair, Summer spread her legs as far as she could. Sandy once again placed her feet inside of Summer's feet and slowly inched Summer's feet farther apart. 

Sandy began to slide her middle and index fingers in and out of Summer's very wet pussy, slowly at first and then as she felt Summer respond to the stimulation, she began to push her long black fingers into the teacher's exposed pussy more rapidly. Sandy removed her fingers from Todd's slut and spread her pussy juice around the puckered lips of the teacher's ass hole. Sandy watched as Summer's pussy juice fully coated the entrance to her anal passageway. Next, Sandy pulled the butt plug out of Summer's teacher bag and slammed the full length of the six inch plug all the way to the plug's base. "Now, don't you move slut. I will be right back," ordered Sandy.

With that, Sandy opened the door to room 7, went down the hall to her locker and found the item that she had been dying to use ever since Todd Spillers had directed her to purchase from Fantasy Adult Shop, which was one block down from the tanning salon. Sandy walked back to the entrance to room 7, with the door standing open; she could see that Summer had not moved an inch. "What a well trained slut this teacher is," Sandy said to herself.

Sandy stepped into the room, locked the door and then began stripping off her clothes. Sandy was wearing her tight, white spandex shorts, a black thong underneath, black matching bra and white tank top. Sandy's white cross training shoes and socks were the last items to be stripped off of her body. Summer was staring straight ahead looking directly into the full length mirror that encompassed one half of the wall.

Summer watched in horror as Sandy completed stripping off her clothes. Summer saw Sandy's large breast burst from the black bra and she could see her very large nipples that were mostly erect. She lowered her gaze and Summer could see Sandy's fully shaven pussy and her lips were spread apart. To Summer's horror, she watched as Sandy was attaching a long, black dildo to a harness strapped around her waist. Sandy worked quickly fastening the last strap and playfully bounced the extended, life like dildo. Sandy then opened the bottle top to "hot" KY Liquid lubricant and spread an ample amount over the length of the black cock extending from her pubic area. Sandy had liked this model because it had a clit stimulator at the base of the dildo so that as she fucked Summer, the apparatus would stimulate her clit as well.

Sandy grabbed each of Summer's hips and she easily placed the tip of the cock at the entrance to the teacher's spread pussy lips. Slowly she began to work the head of the dildo into Summer's pussy. Summer was scared to death to say anything because of the size of the woman, but also because of the size of the plastic cock that was being forced into her tight pussy.

Sandy began to slowly fuck the dildo in and out of the poor teacher's pussy with each thrust sending the head deeper into Summer's pussy. Eventually, Sandy was able to bury the black cock all the way into Summer with the tip touching her where she had never been touched before. Sandy could hear Summer's muffled cries for her to stop, but Sandy paid her no mind. The rubber clit stimulator was working its magic on her clit and she began to forcibly fuck the teacher's pussy. 

As she slowly fucked the dildo into Summer's pussy, Sandy also begin fucking the black butt plug in and out of the teacher's ass. Now Summer was receiving double, forced stimulation by a young black woman who had also been one of her students. Summer felt her ass and pussy being fucked at the same time and she could feel both instruments of her torment rubbing against one another through the thin skin layer between her vaginal wall and anal passageway.

Summer could begin to feel her body responding to the stimulation subjected on her by the young black woman. She began to fuck back toward the direction of the artificial cocks penetrating her body at the direction of the young, athletic black woman.

Sandy could see Summer responding to the stimulation and her own body was beginning to respond to the situation as well as the clit stimulator. She felt her own juices begin to leak out of her young cunt. She knew that she would not last much longer as she had been thinking about using the dildo on Summer ever since Todd told her to buy one after Summer's first tanning session. The pictures that she had taken of Summer for Todd had been a source of several orgasms in the privacy of her bedroom. Though she never considered herself to be lesbian as she had had her share of young boy's cocks in school, she did like the sensations of the almost constant fantasies about Summer.

Sandy decided that it was now time to help Summer learn how to suck a cock. Unbeknownst to Summer, she would be sent down the street to the Fantasy Adult Store for more forced sex training and Todd's mentor Bill Fraser was waiting there with very firm plans for his pupil's latest conquest. Sandy quickly pulled the black dildo out of the poor teacher's pussy. Sandy smiled as she saw the pussy gaping open, but with the black butt plug still snugly inserted in the slut's asshole.

"Get down on your knees, slut," Sandy demanded.

Summer begged, "Please Mistress Sandy, fuck me more with the cock as I am so close to cumming."

"Slut, soon you are going to realize that you are not a slut to receive pleasure, but a slut that is forced to give pleasure to others," Sandy advised.

When Summer did not move fast enough, Sandy quickly slapped each cheek of the stunned teacher to get her attention.

"Get down on your knees, slut," Sandy demanded again, but much more forcibly.

Summer did not protest or delay as she was genuinely afraid and intimidated by Sandy. She slid down using the chair for support and Summer was able to easily go to the floor with her skirt still up around her waist and thankfully, the butt plug still lodged in her ass. Though, in this position, Summer knew that it would not be long before it worked its way out of her ass. "I wonder what Sandy will make me do if it comes out," Summer wondered to herself.

As Summer turned around to face Sandy, she was met with the full view of the young, athletic black woman standing in front of her. She could see Sandy's plump breasts rising and falling with her every excited breath. Right in front of her face was the tip of the long black, dildo that Sandy had been fucking in and out of her pussy just seconds ago. Sandy was holding the base of the cock and Summer could see that the base was flush up against Sandy's pubic area and she could see moisture around the base. 

Sandy looked down into Summer's eyes and said, "Slut, your pussy juices are all over my dildo and I want it cleaned off. Put your lips on the end of my cock and begin licking and sucking until I tell you to stop."

Summer shook her head and clamped her lips tightly shut as she could not imagine putting the big, artificial cock into her mouth. Not only would it be disgusting, but the sheer diameter of the cock would surely split her lips. 

Sandy, anticipating Summer's refusal, grabbed the top of the teacher's hair and yanked upwards until she heard a loud "ouch" from Summer. Sandy was successful this time as she tried again to slip the dildo into the slut teacher.

Summer could feel the head of the rubber dildo slip past her lips even though she tried her hardest to prevent the penetration. Her mouth involuntarily formed a large "O" as Sandy pushed her hips towards Summer's face. Sandy knew that there was no way that Summer would be able to take the full length of the dildo into her mouth. But that was not the lesson here. Sandy, as instructed by Todd, was initiating Summer into the area of forced cock sucking even though the cock was a rubber one.

"That's right slut, take my monster cock into that tight mouth of yours," moaned Sandy.

With one hand still gripping Summer's hair, Sandy reached around her head, put the palm of her hand on the back of Summer's head and began to force more of her rubber cock into the poor slut teacher's mouth. Sandy felt Summer's gag reflex starting and she pulled back to allow the teacher to catch her breath, but she only waited a moment and then began to re-insert the long black cock into Summer's mouth and throat.

When Sandy was satisfied that Summer had grown somewhat comfortable with the forced fucking of her mouth, she relented and pulled the cock out of her mouth, but without releasing her grip on Summer's hair. "Lick the cock slut so that none of your nasty pussy juices are on it," was Sandy's next command.

Summer tried her best to lick the full length of Sandy's rubber cock. She could taste her juices and she was hopeful to get the disgusting process over with as soon as possible.

Sandy looked down, watched her former English teacher, now Todd Spiller's slut, suck and lick her fake cock. She was amazed at how readily Summer went about her task of cleaning the black rubber cock. In a small way, Sandy felt sorry for the teacher because she knew of some of Todd's plans for Summer. She remembered the tattooing of her lower back, the piercings in her ears and clit. Sandy wondered if Summer had any idea about what she was about to experience at the hands of Bill Fraser at the Fantasy Adult Store.

Sandy was satisfied with Summer's compliance, but wanted just a little more from her former teacher. Sandy released her grip on the back of Summer's head, but not on her grip of the teacher's hair. Sandy pulled the cock away from Summer's face and with her free hand, unbuckled the sides of the harness that kept the black dildo in place. The harness and cock plopped noisily on the floor.

Sandy looked down at the poor English teacher and commanded, "Slut, slip that cock back up into your pussy there on your knees."

Summer did not move as she was shocked at her treatment as well as the circumstances of being forced to have sex again with an almost complete stranger in a public setting. And yet, she felt herself turned on by the experience of being forced to submit and comply with another strong person's directions. But, she did not want to push the long black cock back into her pussy so she resisted, which was a mistake.

While holding Summer's hair firmly in her left hand, Sandy once again yanked Summer's head upwards, but this time she slapped her once again against the left side of her face with her palm and then the right side of her face with her back hand. She was not into inflicting pain, but Todd had directed her to use her strong hands on his slut if she did not immediately comply with Sandy's directions.

Stunned by the swiftness of the slaps, Summer begged, "Mistress Sandy, please do not hit me anymore. I will do what you have instructed."

Trying to lower her eyes so that she could see the harness holding the dildo, Summer was able to find it with her hands as Sandy had not released the pressure of her grip at all. As a matter of fact, in her current position, Summer's eyes were at the level of Sandy's pussy and for the first time, Summer could see the gold bar piercing her clit. Summer thought it looked familiar, but her concentration was broken as the head of the black cock slipped past her pussy lips and into her pussy.

Using both of her hands, Summer was able to slide the majority of the length of the fake cock into her very wet pussy. She felt her pussy muscles strain to adjust to the girth of the rubber cock as it did not give the way a human cock would. She slowly worked the cock in as far as she dare push it in as it felt like it would puncture her uterus. Then the sensation of the rubber cock rubbing against the butt plug still lodged in her ass gave her a strong stimulation that she had not really felt before. Summer felt her nipples hardening as the cock slid deeper into her pussy. She closed her eyes and she could feel her pussy juices flooding down the shaft of the rubber cock.

Sandy, now pleased with Summer's compliance, was going to receive her much needed orgasm from this slut of a teacher. Summer was lost in a trance of sexual stimulation from the butt plug in her ass, her pussy being over stuffed with the rubber cock and the manipulations of the athletic woman, so she did not feel her head being drawn towards Sandy's pussy. Only when her nose touched the skin just above Sandy's clit did Summer realize what was happening.

Summer tried to pull her face away from the young black woman's pussy, but Sandy was just too strong. Also, Sandy's grip on her hair made Summer fear that she might pull a large portion of her hair out by the roots. Summer once again clamped her lips tightly shut as she did not want to be made to lick another woman's pussy. She had been forced to lick the waitresses' pussy in the restaurant by Lisa this past Friday night after too many margaritas. Then Lisa had forced her to lick and suck her pussy when she visited Summer at her house on Sunday. But, both of those occasions had been magnified by alcohol and now she was being forced to lick a former student's pussy in a tanning salon.

Summer was torn between the revulsion of being forced to lick the young black woman's pussy and the stimulation of the cock in her pussy as well as the butt plug in her ass. Additionally, her mind was fighting the battle over control of her body as her mind was saying stop, but her body with all of the physical stimulation was rocketing towards yet another forced or suggested orgasm.

Summer began to move the rubber cock in and out of her pussy with a little more vigor. She felt her body trying to move down towards the instruments of pleasure that were inserted in her pussy and ass. But, Sandy's strong hold on her hair and the bald pussy that was displayed right in front of her face all contributed to her body drawing closer and closer to the orgasm she so craved.

Sandy tightened her grip on Summer's hair and applied stronger pressure to the back of her head. Summer's nose was now pressed against the pubic area of Sandy's body and with a little more effort Sandy was about to position her clit right on Summer' lips.

"Lick my clit slut, right now," Sandy commanded.



Sandy, to give more impact to her demand, twisted Summer's hair in her left hand and this forced her to let out a slight wince of pain, which was all that Sandy needed to force her clit into Summer's mouth. "Now lick that clit," Sandy commanded again.

With the pain in her head bringing her to tears, the cock in her pussy, the butt plug in her ass were all contributing to Summer being lost in the stimulations of her body and mind as she was being forced to service this beautiful, but young black woman's pussy. Summer cautiously extended her tongue to taste the now well lubricated lips of Sandy's pussy. Sandy moved Summer's head so that she could better fuck her clit against the teacher's tongue. 

Summer continued to fuck the dildo in and out of her pussy and got in rhythm with Sandy's pussy forcible being rubbed against her tongue. "Take my clit into your mouth slut," Sandy suddenly commanded.

Summer had not become proficient in sucking another woman's clit and had not anticipated the quick manner in which Sandy had been bucking her hips into her face. Summer felt Sandy's hands pull her face even closer to her pussy and she could feel the juices running out of Sandy's pussy mixing with her own saliva. Summer decided that the best thing to do was to make her tongue as hard as she could and just extend it along the clit that was being fucked into her face. That seemed to give Sandy the most pleasure and it now appeared that that may be the way to get this disgusting act over with more quickly.

Summer felt Sandy's body suddenly stiffen and she was being pulled closer to her pussy to the point of almost not being able to breath. Summer could hear Sandy begin to grunt in rhythm with her fucking motion against her tongue. At the same time, Summer accelerated the fucking of the dildo into her pussy. Summer reached up and placed her hand on the young black woman's tight ass cheek and tried to pull her even closer. About that time, Summer felt Sandy erupt in orgasm and Summer was sprayed with orgasmic juices spewed from the black woman's pussy right onto her mouth, nose, face and running down her chest between her breasts.

Summer felt Sandy's grip on her hair and the back of her head, but Summer did not let go of the clit that had been forced into her mouth. Summer tried to suckle the erect clit and took the gold bar bell like piercing between her lips. For whatever reason, Summer felt like if she kept the clit in her mouth she would be allowed to get over the edge and have the orgasm she so badly needed. But in the blink of an eye, she heard Sandy command, "Slut let go of my clit or I will take my fingers and poke you right in your eyes."

Summer immediately released the athletic black woman's clit and recoiled from her grasp. But, Summer continued to fuck the dildo in her pussy but she was becoming more and more frustrated with her lack of ability to cum. Summer was able to jam the whole length of the dildo into her pussy and she held there as she rocked her hips against the basis concentrating the movements of her clit on the hard base.

Summer was not paying attention to Sandy and was surprise when Sandy too the base of the dildo in her hands, brushing Summer's away from it. Summer wrongly assumed that this domineering young black woman, a former student was now going to give her the release she so desperately craved. But, all Sandy did was to pull the cock out of Summer's aching pussy without even giving her the chance to protest.

Summer was left effectively on the edge of orgasm with no way to bring her self the relief she was now craving so badly.

Summer moved her free hand down to her clit and began to feverously rub her swollen digit with her middle and index fingers. With her left hand, she reached behind and began fucking the black dildo in and out of her now well stretched ass. She closed her eyes, rocked back and forth trying to achieve orgasm.

Sandy then kept in concert with Todd's plans for Summer by saying, "Slut, take your hands off of Master T's cunt. Who said that you could cum?"

"But please Mistress Sandy, I am so close t o cumming and I need it so badly," pleaded Summer.

"Slut, when are you going to learn and understand that you are a slut for every one else and that you are not permitted to cum unless you are told to do so," replied Sandy in a somewhat haughty tone.

Summer did as instructed and took her hands away from her clit and the black butt plug. She just remained on the floor on her knees with her skirt pulled up above her waist, black 4 inch strapped heels, thigh hi hose on and her blouse almost completely unbuttoned. She was not sure when the buttons popped, but she could now feel that several of the buttons on her blouse were either dangling by a thread or had busted completely off of the blouse.

"Stand up slut," Sandy ordered.

As Summer rose to her feet, she felt her body trembling; almost aching for the orgasm she was denied. The insides of her thighs were wet with the juices from her pussy that had escaped from around the base of the black rubber dildo. Her ass was aching from the paddling that she had received the night before at the hands of Master T and her ass hole felt stretched due to the insertion of the butt plug for most of the day.

Summer said quietly to herself, "Get a hold of yourself Summer. You have got to drive home and you need your composure."

"Slut, take that butt plug out of your nasty ass," was Sandy's next instruction.

Summer, bending over slightly, reached between her ass cheeks and slowly withdrew the plug from her ass.

"Put that ass covered plug in your mouth and clean your juices from that plug, Slut," Sandy continued with her instructions.

As repugnant as it made her fell, Summer did as she was instructed by the athletic black former student. Summer could not seem to gather the mental strength to resist Sandy, not did she have the will not to comply with the instructions. The more degrading the act was, the more compliant she felt herself become.

Summer slowly circled her tongue around the butt plug as it was fully inserted in her mouth. She felt Sandy's hands on the plug as she began to slowly and methodically push and pull the plug in Summer's mouth. 

Once she was satisfied that the plug was clean, Sandy instructed Summer to stand up straight, pull the skirt down over her hips and to try and button the remaining buttons on the blouse. Summer easily slid the skirt down over her hips, feeling relaxed now that she was not as exposed. But, the blouse was almost not useable. There were on three buttons that could be fastened, but only two provided some closure for the blouse. Summer buttoned the middle two buttons at her cleavage, which barely covered her black lace bra. The only useable button was the bottom button, which was quickly snatched from the blouse by Sandy. The three remaining buttons out of six were hanging by threads and easily pulled from the blouse by Sandy. Looking down Summer said, "I cannot go out of the salon to my car for the drive home like this. Can I have some thread to reattach the buttons?"

Summer immediately realized that she had made a mistake because she saw a certain level of rage in Sandy's eyes as the first of two blows to her stomach were landed by each of athletic black girl's strong hands. Summer almost doubled over in pain from the blows, more like slaps, but painful nonetheless. "What did you say slut," Sandy asked incredulously.

Barely able to speak as the wind was almost knocked completely from her lungs, Summer apologized, "Mistress Sandy, I am very sorry for not addressing you properly. I was just shaken by the fact that you had ripped buttons from my blouse and I was going to be made to leave the salon and drive home with my ripped blouse."

That is when Sandy dropped the Fantasy Adult Bookstore onto Summer's naïve and unsuspecting ears. "Slut, your tasks for Master T are not over and your evening of servitude is only beginning," Sandy said. 

Sandy continued, "Your master has required that you are to go down the block to the Fantasy Adult Bookstore and purchase several items that he deems necessary for your continued training."

"But, Sandy, I am not dressed sufficiently to go out in public," Summer thoughtlessly retorted.

As expected, Summer's thoughtless response was met with the hand of the athletic young black woman's right hand across both of her cheeks. Sandy then grabbed Summer, spun her around and forced her face down onto the top of the tanning bed. Sandy quickly pulled the hem of Summer's tight skirt up over her ass, pressed down with her left hand in the middle of the poor teacher's lower back and quickly slapped each of Summer's ass cheeks five times.

With her hand still firmly pressing down on Summer's back, Sandy said to the poor teacher, "Slut, do you want me to continue beating your ass or are you going to do as you are told?"

"Mistress Sandy. Please do not make me go into that awful place. I have never been in an adult store like that and I am scared to do so," pleaded Summer.

"Well, it does not really matter slut, as Master T has demanded that you do so and that is it," Sandy quickly responded.

"I just will not go Mistress Sandy," replied Summer.

"Fine, slut. Master T advised me that if you refused to tell you that the next email you receive will contain several pictures of you performing lewd acts in the girl's bathroom in your school as filmed by one of your students," Sandy sneeringly said to the teacher.

"What do you mean, seen by a student," asked Summer.

"I do not know the specifics and do not care. My job is to advise that if you do not do as instructed, then emails will be sent to everyone in your address book both on your home and work computer so that Wednesday will be the last day in your teaching career and in your marriage," Sandy matter-of-factly replied.

Sandy could see the stunned look on Summer's face. Sandy did not know what kind of pictures or by whom they were taken, but she was sure that they would be very revealing about the teacher if Todd was sure that his slut would comply with his instructions.

"Mistress Sandy, please do not make me do this. Please just tell Master T that I went and I will make it up to you somehow," pleaded Summer.

Sandy had been advised by Todd that the trip to the Fantasy Adult Bookstore was required and that her appearance would be reported to him by his mentor Bill Fraser. He also had told Sandy that Summer would try to get her to cooperate in trying to lie about her trip to the bookstore.

Sandy then informed Summer, "Slut, your Master has made it clear that you are to go directly to the Fantasy Adult Bookstore. You are to only wear what you have on and you are to back at this salon before closing time which is 8:00 PM."

Sandy continued, "Slut, you are only allowed only to take a credit card and nothing else. You are to walk the two blocks down the street and enter through the front door. There is a man there behind the counter who knows you are coming and is waiting for you. It is now 5:20 PM, so you better get your ass in gear."

"Now slut, are you going to comply with your Master's directions or do I make the call I am required to make," asked Sandy.

Summer was beaten. She had no way out right then and could not afford for any pictures to be sent even though she did not know when or if any pictures were taken of her. But, she could not afford to risk it because her greatest fears were losing her job and her husband finding about her situation. The piercings were one thing, but finding out she was a total slut at school would be too much for the school to over look and her husband, James, to forgive.

"Yes Mistress Sandy, I will comply with Master T's instructions," replied the beaten teacher.

"That is a good thing slut. Here is the list of items that your Master requires that you purchase and then bring back to me for verification. You must be back here before we close at 8:00 PM or I will just throw all of your stuff out into the street beside your car," Sandy advised.

"Please Mistress Sandy, do not throw my personal items into the parking lot. I promise to be back," Summer meekly replied.

Sandy then went about telling the poor English teacher that there were seven items on the list that she had just handed to her. She was to take the list, one credit card and then when she walked into the bookstore, she was to give the list to the man behind the counter. Sandy then watched as Summer freshened up her make-up giving her instructions on how to apply in the right tones to reflect the slut that she was.

Satisfied with the make-up, Sandy picked up all of Summer's belongings, her teacher bag and butt plug. Sandy then dressed as Summer watched and then told her to get the fuck out of the salon. 

Sandy marched Summer down the hallway and Summer was thankful that no one was at the front desk. Summer stepped out into the 5:30 late afternoon light and turned to her left to begin her walk of shame down to the bookstore. "What has Master T planned for me in this place," Summer said to herself as she walked through the dark, mirrored door of Fantasy Adult Bookstore.

Next chapter, Summer finds out what she is required to purchase and how each item is used...
