Summer's Blackmail Ch. 13
bywilcox010©
The English teacher has been forced to submit to her student, suffered at the hands of her best friend, forced to have sex, spanked, body piercing and is now going to be taught by adults about servitude to men. Teacher begins to learn her role in life.

The Fantasy Adult Bookstore was located in a lower end shopping district that was comprised of tattoo parlors, tanning salons, lingerie shops, an adult theater and a couple of discount furniture stores. Bill Fraser had owned the building that the bookstore was located for several years and when the tenant defaulted on his rental payments, Bill stepped in and took over the operation. Bill had to make several verbal threats indicating that there could be some physical threats delivered if the owner did not move out as directed. 

Bill had been in the business of adult themed shops for almost 15 years on the other side of town. This side of town was a much better location for low crime and it attracted a "higher" class customer if one could be defined. He still had the scum clients that came along with this type of business, but in this location he was able to encourage those types of clients to leave his location.

Bill Fraser was a very big man in stature measuring over 6' 5" tall, blond hair, scruffy two-day old beard and weighed a very trim 235 pounds. He is a former football player at the state university and had contacts through-out the state via his more legitimate real estate holdings. But, it was this industry where he found that he could do favors for higher level people that could trust him to be discrete and in turn, they put him into transactions where he could take advantage of changes in zoning, interstate access or foreclosures in the area.

Because of these real estate connections, Bill from time to time was asked to provide women to some of his friends when they were away from their wives visiting the big city. More often than not, the men liked submissive women; a woman who would do what they were told to do, when they were told to do it and without any lip. Bill surmised that the men wanted to feel powerful in the bedroom in the same way they were powerful in the board room.

Through the years, Bill had been able to identify quality women to meet his friend's requests. With the evolution of the internet, Bill had been able to more readily identify women who were good candidates for submissive roles and more often than not, the women were almost always married, bored housewives. Bill's stable of women varied. He currently had two recent high school graduates, working for him at his tanning salon just down the street. He had three married women who liked to dabble and have fun from time to time. Bill also had two 24/7 sluts that lived in his condo downtown who were at his beck and call. It had taken him several months to fully break both women. One woman had been married at the time he found her on line at the Wives Who Need Sex website. At the time she was looking for some fun on the side, but she was the perfect candidate to be fully submissive. Her transition to a full slut had taken only two months and her transformation into a 24/7 slave was one of his best triumphs. His other 24/7 slut was his former maid who he had hired as a house keeper who was an illegal resident. She was very easy to turn with the threat of deportation as his strongest ally. He currently was working on another woman, who was married and was a real estate agent. Lisa was going to be a challenge, but he felt like he had identified the appropriate traits of servitude even though Lisa could be down right dominating with the women that worked for her.

And now, his protégé, Todd Spillers, was hand delivering a school teacher to him who he discovered at the Wives Who Need Sex website. This teacher had already submitted to Todd's various initial demands because of his ability to blackmail his teacher. Todd had shown Bill all of the pictures that he had taken of Summer Wayne in the various positions and situations. It had been Bill's recommendation to take Summer to Marcos for the piercings as he owned the building and Marcos owed him lots of favors.

As Summer touched the door to the Fantasy Adult Bookstore, her skin began to crawl. "What am I doing here," Summer said to herself as she pushed the door inwards to gain access.

Bill Fraser was standing behind the counter and noticed the beautiful, mature brunette walk through his door. She was more stunning than Todd had led on. Her tits were on display as the blouse she was wearing only had two buttons and the size 36 breasts were straining against the poor restraints of the blouse. The tight skirt was slit up to mid-thigh and her outfit was completed with the four inch black strapped heels. Sandy had called to tell Bill that all Summer had on was the blouse and skirt. Sandy had also said that she had been able to fuck Summer with her strap on dildo, but she did not allow Summer to cum.

Slowly, Summer's eyes adjusted to the darkened space. There were red, green and white flashing lights around the inside of the bookstore reflected in the mirrored walls. Summer could see the racks of dirty movies, shelves of marital aides as they were called and a couple of racks of those dirty magazines that James brought home sometimes. Summer could also see a sign over a doorway that indicated that some type of arcade was in the adjacent room. Summer looked around until she found the counter and was surprised to see a very nice looking, big man standing behind it. Summer had always thought that it was a sleazy place and that anyone going into a place like this would also be sleazy.

Slowly, Summer approached the counter and watched as the man behind it was giving her the once over. Summer felt like the man was stripping her clothes off with the way he looked at her. Her black heels made the familiar clicking sound as she crossed the showroom floor, which brought her unwanted attention from the seven patrons she had noticed looking through the racks of dirty movies.

Bill could not contain his thoughts. He wondered to himself how an 18-yearold boy could coerce his high school English teacher into becoming his slut. Bill knew right away that Summer had the makings to be a 24/7 slut and he had wished that he had found her first. Bill, though he dealt in a scrupulous world, wanted to make sure not to trespass onto one of his best client's son's conquest. He would be a good boy, give her the training that Todd had requested and then force her out of his store by no later than 7:50 PM.

Bill watched Summer's breasts bounce as she walked right up to him at the counter. He noticed that she never took her eyes off of him and that she did as she had been told which was a very good trait. Looking at Summer, Bill asked, "Are you lost lady?"

Summer just stood there not knowing what to say. She had hoped that the man would know why she was there and that she would have to have only a limited conversation with him. Summer looked at Bill and said, "Sir, I was instructed to hand you this list." 

"Who instructed you to do that ma'am," asked Bill.

Now Summer was in a bit of a situation that she was not prepared to discuss with this stranger. So, Summer tried to answer a vaguely as possible, "My husband is out of town and thought it might be a good idea for me to buy some of these items in anticipation of his imminent return."

Summer slowly handed the list over to the man behind the counter. Bill took his time unfolding the piece of paper and smiled to himself when he saw what was on the list. He had done this before when Todd introduced him to his slut Abby. She had been very easy to break, but she too had a bit of a dominant streak when it came to women, but Abby loved to be made to please men for sure. Todd had shared the pictures that he had received from Lisa, the real estate agent that Abby had taken in the restaurant bar. That was the first interaction between one of Todd's stable of sluts with one of Bill's pending sluts. Bill felt that eventually Lisa would be problematic for Todd and his relationship with Summer and he knew that eventually he would have to force Lisa to back off.

Bill looked at Summer, he saw that her chest was heaving and he bet that her palms were damp. Then he said, "What is your name lady?"

"What does it matter what my name is? I just need those items on the list. Are you going to help me or not," Summer bravely said to Bill.

"Well first of all, you came into my store, dressed like a slut and tell me a load of crap that your husband sent you here for these items," Bill retorted.

Bill continued, "Secondly, I think you are acting on the instructions of a dominant man who you so want to please." 

"So, I ask again, what is your name slut," Bill demanded.

"I cannot see why that makes any difference to you. I am here to purchase those items and if you will not help me, then I will just have to go some place else," Summer said hoping to show that she was in control of the situation.

Bill knew that he had her now. "Well slut, I do not believe you can go anywhere else. The note at the bottom of the page tells me that you must buy the items from this store." Bill continued, "So, slut, were you instructed to come to this store and hand this list to me?"

Trapped, all Summer could say was, "Yes I was told to come here."

Bill coolly responded, "See that was not too hard now was it slut. So, tell me your name."

Summer then told Bill her name and then asked him to please help her with the list. Summer was getting nervous as she could see out of the corners of her eyes that the men in the store had begun to mill around closer to the counter. Summer could feel their eyes on her and one man had been so bold as to rub up against her ever so slightly as he passed by.

"Well Summer you still have not been truthful to me and have not told me who really sent you here today," Bill said to her.

Summer was now trapped. She was being questioned by this complete stranger and the hands on the clock were clicking closer to 8:00 PM. She dare not be late getting back to the tanning salon as she did not want all of her belongings thrown out into the parking lot.

"Can you please help me with my purchase and not ask me any more questions," Summer pleaded.

"Well Summer, this list is very specific in nature. It appears to me that the person who made out the list is someone you either are being made to please or that you are willingly pleasing him. So, which is it Summer," Bill asked.

"I am being made to purchase those items by someone who is making me do it," Summer confessed.

"That is a good first response Summer, but it does not give me any indication of the kind of man forcing you to come into my store and purchase a list of very erotic items. So tell me who sent you," Bill loudly commanded.

"Please, won't you just help me out," Summer once again pleaded.

"Get the fuck out of my store slut," Bill shouted.

There were seven men in the store and they were listening intently to the conversation. They were turned on by this sexy woman standing before Bill's counter and they figured that it was just one of his sluts that he was having a little fun with today. But, the more they watched and listened, it became apparent that this was a new woman. Each gazed at the woman's ass and tried to get glimpses of her breasts through the stretched fabric of her blouse.

"Please, please don't make me leave. I have to purchase those items today or I will be in big trouble," Summer once again pleaded.

Bill responded quite sternly again, "Listen slut, either tell me who sent you and why you are here, or get the fuck out of here."

Summer was trapped and knew of no other way to get out of the situation than to be honest and tell the man behind the counter what he wanted to know. The whole situation had her on her heels. The fact that she was in that kind of place and that she was being forced to be there was having the same kind of effect she normally associated with instructions and demands from Todd. Summer felt her pussy getting moist and just could not understand why. Her pussy still ached from the sex she had had with Sandy at the tanning salon. Her nipples were pushing against the blouse and she knew that the piercings were making her nipples stand out against the fabric.

Summer gathered her courage and said, "My Master has instructed me to come into your store and purchase the items on that list."

Bill, continuing to apply the pressure, "Well that was not so hard now was it slut. But, you have not asked me politely and you have not even asked me for my name."

"Summer quickly replied, "I am so sorry for being rude as I am just uncomfortable with the store. I am nervous as I have never been into such a place in my life. Would you please tell me your name?"

"Well slut, my name is Bill Fraser and I own the business as well as the building. You can call me Sir, if you want my help," Bill ordered.

"Sir, would you please assist me in my purchase of the items on the list," Summer now pleaded.

"Do you have any idea what is on the list slut," Bill asked.

"No sir I do not," Summer answered.

"Go into the room there left of this counter, through the beads. The first item on the list is a blindfold. Go in, pick out three and I will be there in a few minutes to check out your selections," Bill ordered.

Summer turned to go into the room to the left of the counter. She was very uncomfortable because the seven men that were in the bookstore had gathered around the front counter and could have heard her whole conversation with Bill. As Summer parted the multi-colored beads, she was pleased that none of the men came in right after her. She was able to go into the room and begin to scan the walls in search of the blindfolds that Bill had told her about.

Summer was aghast with the items she found in the room. On the immediate wall to her left she saw a large array of whips, paddles, leather gloves, leashes, chains, clamps and some items she had no idea what they were. On the larger wall, Summer saw a vast selection of dildo's, vibrators, butt plugs in various sizes including very large ones, harnesses with vibrators in them and several different wireless devices like the vibrating egg she had. The back wall contained various types of costumes that one might wear to either freaky or erotic masquerade events, which were all too sleazy and revealing for Summer to even think about wearing.

On the last wall, Summer found a very extensive exhibit of blindfolds, leather masks, many different types of hand cuffs, some type of restraining bars labeled spreaders, nipple clamps, clit clamps, cock rings, electronic shocking devices, lubricants of various types, which Summer thought was out of place on that wall and a large selection of very skimpy, brightly colored short dresses in which one might see a hooker on the street.

In the center of the room Summer saw a wooden pole about the size of a rural telephone pole. It had clamps, hooks and chains variously about the full length of the pole that went from the floor to the ceiling. Summer became very concerned for her safety when she saw the pole, but she also wondered to herself what the pole was used for in this very public space.

Summer went over to the wall containing all of the blindfolds and studied them all for a little bit of time. She was not in any hurry as Bill had not come into the room and she could hear him talking with the other customers.

Summer settled on three blindfolds as Bill had directed: a black one with leopard trim, a black satin one and a deep purple blindfold that wrapped almost completely around the head with a back fastener while the other two had Velcro fasteners.

Summer stood in the middle of the room, close to but not touching the pole. She sort of raised her left leg up by rocking back on the four inch heel of her ankle strapped black pumps. Summer began to wonder how much longer she was going to be made to wait in this room because she was becoming a bit unnerved by the contents and the men who were standing just outside of the room.

Summer nervously looked at the clock on the wall and it read 6:00 PM. She knew that she had a limited amount of time and did not want to be put into a position to arrive at the salon after 8:00 PM. Summer nervously tapped her foot on the linoleum floor and she noticed a distinct disinfectant smell like that of chlorox like she used in her home for deep cleaning.

About that time, Bill walked in trailed by two of the seven men who had been in the lobby of the bookstore. "Have you been waiting patiently for me slut," Bill asked the noticeably nervous teacher.

"Yes sir, I have been patient, but why are those men with you? I thought that this would be a private conversation," Summer asked.

Bill quickly responded, "Well slut, these men are regular customers of mine. They spend a lot of money with me and we are investors in real estate together. So slut, their presence here gives me the opportunity to show them how some of the items in this room can be used on a willing slut. It is my good fortune that you walked into my store while they were here."

"But Sir, please ask them to leave so that we can get the list of items purchased and I can be on my way back to the salon by 8:00 PM," pleaded Summer.

Without responding to Summer, Bill walked over to the poor English teacher and took each of the blindfolds from her. He held them up in front of Summer's face to give the added effect of her being blindfolded while there were other men in the room with him. Bill knew that this further unnerved the teacher, his protégé's slut. He knew that he had some time to play with her, but Bill also knew that for the teacher to fully understand that she was a slut and slave to Todd, she would have to be taught that her body, as well as her mind, were instruments for servitude to her Master.

Bill decided on the purple blindfold that would wrap fully around the poor teacher's head, but had a clasp fastener. Bill told Summer to put it on. When Summer hesitated, Bill simply slapped the poor teacher across her face with his powerful right hand. Summer stumbled backwards and almost fell, but the large pole in the middle of the room prevented her fall.

With trembling hands and a stinging face, Summer slowly raised the blindfold up to her eyes and she covered them snuggly. Summer then had to raise both of her arms above her head to try and fasten the purple blindfold, which caused her full breasts to strain against her blouse. Finally, Summer was able to completely fasten the blindfold in place; her world was steeped in darkness and then lowered her hands down to her sides. Summer knew that Bill and the other man were still in the room, but she wondered if the other customers that were in the store had now joined her in the room.

"Very good job slut. Now, raise your hands above your head and wrap them around the pole," commanded Bill.

Summer hesitantly did as she was directed and tried very hard to calm her nerves. She knew that she was in a bad place and position, but something about this man made her pussy begin to flow and she could feel her nipples becoming even stiffer. As she grabbed the pole, she could feel her breasts jutting outwards and felt that the buttons of her blouse were going pop at any moment. 

Summer did not have to wait too long as she felt hands on her blouse and she knew that the two buttons holding the blouse together were being unbuttoned, but by whom she did not know. Once freed of buttons, Summer's blouse immediately spread revealing her deep cleavage, the beginnings of a deep tan from her salon sessions and it was easy to see her breasts rise and fall with each nervous breath.

Bill standing in front of the poor teacher ripped the blouse tearing the blouse from Summer's body. Immediately, Summer lowered her hands to cover her breasts hoping to prevent anyone from seeing her nipple piercings. Her action brought an immediate reaction from Bill who slapped Summer across both of her cheeks, forced her hands back up over her head and immediately hooked the right and then the left into leather bindings attached to the pole. Next, Bill took both nipple piercings between his index fingers and thumbs. Summer gasped in pain as Bill began to pull as well as twist her nipples that were still sore from the piercings from the previous Saturday at Marcos' tattoo/ piercing salon. 




Summer let out a loud scream as the pain being inflicted by Bill was more than she could stand. Bill leaned in close to Summer's left ear and shouted, "Who the fuck said that you could remove your hands form the pole slut?"

"I was not prepared for you to rip my blouse off," replied the poor teacher.

"I told you to call me SIR goddamnit slut," Bill once again shouted as he pulled Summer's nipples further away from her body.

Summer felt like Bill was going to rip her nipples from her breasts any moment. The gold bar piercings were being twisted and pulled by her new tormentor and she could only reply, "I am sorry Sir, please forgive me."

Bill released some pressure on Summer's nipples, but this was one of her first lessons of the evening as his job was to reinforce her submissiveness to any dominant man that she came in contact with. Bill and Todd had devised a strategy in which Summer would be transformed from the conservative teacher to the wanton slut they both knew she could become. They had talked at length on Sunday while Summer had been subjected to the sex escapade that Bill's future slut Lisa had forced onto her at her house with her husband Steve.

It had been Bill's direction for Lisa to go to Summer's house as he knew she was required to lie in the sun as Todd had directed. Bill knew that Lisa would be very forceful with Summer and that her husband Steve would be a willing accomplice. What Lisa did not realize was that Bill was beginning his work on her to convert her into a whore for his business partners. He would be able to eventually use her domination against the poor teacher to his advantage. And, Bill knew, if he pushed Lisa further onto Summer, that his protégé would eventually become enraged and help him to convert her. But that was a different day and time. Tonight, his plan was to strip Summer of her inhabitations of forced sex and to force her to learn how to suck cock.

Bill released Summer's nipples and he heard a quiet moan of relief emanate from the teacher. Bill reached down to grab the fabric on either side of the slit of Summer's skirt and with his powerful hands; he ripped the skirt completely from her body. Now Summer stood completely exposed to him and his customers in the room as well as the other customers straining for glances from the outer showroom. Next Bill grabbed Summer's left hand and unhooked the leather binding from the pole. He then, spun Summer around until she faced the pole and he reattached her left hand to the pole above her head.

"So Slut, do you know the next item you are required to purchase tonight," Bill asked.

"No sir" was Summer's quiet reply.

"Give me that four foot spreader bar from the wall over there," Bill instructed his helper.

Once the man brought the stainless steel bar to Bill, they each fastened one of Summer's ankles to each end of the bar with handcuff type attachments covered in pink fur. Now Summer was tied to the pole and her feet were separated by the spreader bar. Next, Bill and his helper moved Summer's wrist bindings from the pole down to the spreader bar and fastened each wrist to the outer leather fastener that held her ankles. Next, Bill ran a wide leather strap under Summer's abdomen that had loops on the ends. Bill quickly attached the loops to a chain that hung from the top of the pole. This strap would help to support Summer's weight for the next binding of the poor English teacher.

Bill ran a thin leather strap around each of Summer's elbows, pulling it tightly against her skin; he then ran it between Summer's elbows and attached the leather strap to a hook near the top of the pole. In this position, Summer was held firmly in place with her ass and pussy fully exposed to everyone.

Bill looked down at Summer's ass; he placed his hand between the ass cheeks of the poor English teacher and ran his fingers down across her ass hole until he reached her pussy. He was very pleased to find that Summer had grown wet, which further confirmed his and Todd's suspicions that she could indeed be the kind of slut that would be easily controlled as well as influenced by direction. Bill gave a slight tug on each of the rings piercing her pussy lips.

Bill then said to Summer, "Well, you now know that you are required to purchase a blindfold and a spreader bar. Your next purchase is a leather paddle for your ass to invoke punishment for your failures."

"Oh my God no," Summer cried.

Bill then replied, "Oh, I see you are not prepared to pick out your favorite paddle. So, I will pick one for you slut. But, first we will need to try-out several to make sure that we get just the right one for you so that your failures can be appropriately corrected." 

"No please sir, I promise to be good and always do as I am told," Summer pleaded.

Bill, not paying any attention to the bound woman in his shop, walked over to the wall that contained all kinds of pain administering devices. He ran his hands over the lengths of leather whips, saddle crops, cat-o-nine tails and finally long flat lengths of leather straps held by various types of handles.

Summer became even more afraid as she realized that this man was going to beat her to death with those devices and no one would ever know she was there. She was thankful that there had been at least seven men who saw her come into the bookstore. Surely they would come to her rescue once they heard her screams.

Summer was not prepared for what happened next. The man who had been identified as Bill's helper grabbed a large handful of Summer's long brunette hair at the back of her head and suddenly yanked her head upwards. This action caused her mouth to fly open and her yelp was smothered by the man's cock sliding into her mouth. Summer tried to push the invading cock out of her mouth, but the pain she was receiving from her hair being pulled from her head prevented her from forcing the cock out. Summer suddenly bit down on the cock and she was pleased with herself when the man grunted in agony from the bite.

But, Summer's sense of control of the situation, at least a cock in her mouth was short lived when the man cried out, "Bill, this bitch bit my cock."

Bill turned from the wall of pain and walked the few steps back over to Summer and asked, "Why would you bite a cock that was being fed to you to service slut?"

"I am not here to service any cocks. Now let me go and I will not tell any one about what has happened here today," came Summer's meek reply.

"Oh no slut. Your time here is not over as it is just beginning. You see, you must understand that in the presence of a man, your sole role and purpose in life is to submit your body and mind in bringing pleasure. Until you learn that, your life will be filled with pain and punishment," Bill hissed.

Bill grabbed the same mat of hair as his helper had held in his hands as he had forced his cock into Summer's mouth. Bill then asked the teacher, "Are you ready to comply with my demand slut?"

Summer only shook her head and clamped her mouth shut as tightly as she could as the helper tried to force his cock between her lips. Summer tried to move her head from side to side to not allow the man access to her mouth. She was being successful in keeping the stranger's cock out of her mouth when suddenly Bill released her hair and she was able to force her head downwards toward the floor away from the swaying cock of her most recent tormentor.

What Summer was not expecting was the feeling of her ass exploding in pain. While she had been turning her head from side to side refusing to suck the helper's cock, Bill had gone about his duty to select a proper punishment devise to get Summer's complete attention. He of course did not want to scar the poor English teacher's body, but he was going to make sure that her mind completely understood her role in life from this point forward.

Bill's right hand, holding the long handle of the 18-inch long leather paddle, forcefully lashed through the air and as his helper watched, the full length of the leather paddle found its mark across both ass cheeks of the bound teacher.

Summer let out an ear shattering scream as the pain from the first blow was overtaken by the second more forceful blow on her ass cheeks. Summer turned her head and was about to again protest, but Bill's right arm swung again downward as the leather paddle once again found its mark on her ass. Summer screamed again and begged him to stop. 

Bill did not pay any attention to the teacher's screams as he began a rapid fire assault on Summer's ass. Bill concentrated in moving his assault on the poor teacher's ass by placing his strokes up and down her ass going up to the small of her back and down below her ass cheeks to the very tops of her legs. Summer's screams were heightened each time as the pain from one lash was overtaken by the pain of the next.

Summer thought that she had counted 10 strikes on her ass, but it felt like a thousand tiny fires were erupting all across her ass. Her pain was heightened by the feel of Bill's rough hands rubbing across the whelps now rising from her beating. Summer remembered the pain from Todd's paddling on Monday night, but this pain was much worse. Her feet being held in place by the stainless steel spreader, her wrist clasped in the handcuffs and her arms being held together with the leather strapped attached to the pole above her head all contributed to the pain being administered to her.

Bill leaned in and asked, "Are you going to open that fuck hole of a mouth and take this man's cock slut?"

Summer tightened her lips and jaw and just shook her head from side to side. This was the reaction for which Bill was hopeful. Summer still had some will that he needed to break, but he knew she would fall further into the inevitable depravity of her situation very soon.

For a moment, Summer felt like she may have won in her battle refusing to suck a stranger's cock at the direction of Bill Fraser, a man she had never met. But, Summer's victory smirk was short lived as Bill administered ten more lashes with the wide leather paddle.

For a moment they left Summer alone and allowed her ass to scream in pain from the 20 lashes she had received, but Bill left the paddle lying across her back as a not so subtle reminder of her predicament. Bill soon returned with an iphone utilizing its face call feature. Bill pulled the purple blindfold up away from Summer's eyes. Bill slid the phone in front of Summer's face and she quickly saw that the face on the phone was that of Todd, her Master T.

Summer's heart sank as it now became apparent to her that Bill was an extension of Todd's domination over her. Summer began to cry and turned her head away from the phone. But, Todd was having none of that.

"Slut, why are you not doing as you are told by my good friend Bill Fraser," Todd asked.

Summer was crying almost uncontrollably now understanding her situation again like it had been described to her many times since she sent that fucking picture out in an email last Thursday evening, which was only 6 nights ago. Here she was now bound in an adult book store, stripped naked and having just suffered the worst spanking of her life. But that paled in comparison to her realization that she was lost and her life would now be reduced to pleasing men as directed.

"Master T, I am sorry, but I did not know Bill Fraser until this evening. I was only trying to purchase the items that you left in the note with Sandy," sobbed Summer.

"Slut, look at me," commanded Todd.

Summer turned her head and fixed her eyes on the small screen that was held in Bill's powerful hands. Her arms and back were aching and her ass was still stinging from the beating that had been administered by Bill with the leather paddle.

Todd very calmly and quietly, because he was still in Washington and did not want to be overheard, said to his teacher slut, "Do not make the mistake of not doing as you are instructed by Bill. While I am not there, he will be your Master. DO AS HE SAYS!"

The connection went blank and Bill took the phone away. He waited a couple of minutes to let the phone call settle in. He and Todd had schemed to have the call made at 6:30 PM sharp so Bill had been working hard to force Summer to resist. Now Bill knew that he would be able to break her will power further.

It was a shame really he thought. Summer Wayne was a very attractive woman, her body was in great shape, she was only 40 years old and she appeared to be a great English teacher. Bill could not, for the life of him, understand why a woman like this would be on the "Wives Who Need Sex" website when she could have any man she wanted. Now, because of her indiscretion, Todd had discovered that Summer was in fact a true submissive. She needed more training and reinforcement, but Bill could see that she would be a very good slut. Too bad her talents would be wasted on an 18-yearold high school student. He could use her in his business. He made a mental note to see if he could negotiate that with Todd at some future time.

Bill brought in a drink concoction that he had developed over time. It was like a roofie, but it did not render the person completely incapacitated. He knew from experience that the ingredients not only rendered the person free of inhibitions, but it always heightened their sexual appetite. For this evening, he had made a stronger version than he normally did because he did not want to give the teacher a chance.

In a calm voice Bill said, "Here Summer drink this. I bet your mouth and throat are parched. This will help a little."

Bill placed the plastic cup with the straw up to Summer's mouth and she drank thirstily. To himself, Bill said, "That is right Summer drink it all down. In a few minutes you will not even care what I do to you or make you do."

Bill's helper turned out to be an old friend that was down on his luck. He had been a banker for Bill, but the bank that he had worked for had been closed by regulators during the bank crisis there in Georgia. His friend, Lee, had been Bill's personal banker and had been responsible for several of Bill's more creative financing vehicles for the acquisition of marginal properties that initially did quite well. As Bill's performance had gone up, so did the career of Lee. Unfortunately for Bill and Lee, the US Economy turned south and marginal real estate investments tumbled every day. Bill sometimes included Lee in these little forays into depravity of a woman. He wanted to see how Lee reacted as it was his desire to bring Lee in on his take over of Lisa, the real estate agent who had screwed Lee and Bill out of several prime deals in the past.

Bill and his accomplice Lee left Summer suspended from the pole so that the doctored drink she had just consumed could take effect. Basically, the drink was a concoction that Bill had developed over time and had been used on women to coax them into submission. Some women developed more slowly than he liked and he found that this drink plus pictures usually did the trick. But because Todd Spiller had all the necessary pictures to force Summer into the blackmail situation that she was now in, more incriminating pictures were not necessary. But, Bill did have a photo history of his conquests and this one might be a good addition to the collection. He gave his digital camera to one of the men outside the room and indicated to him to fully document the slut's submission, but to make sure that no man's face was shown.

Tied in this position was beginning to cause Summer's arms and legs to begin to become numb. Her limbs were also in varying degrees of pain. Her thighs and hamstrings were taunt held in place by the spreader bar with her ankles and wrists tightly fastened, while still in the 4 inch strapped heels. With her elbows tied together and pulled upwards with the leather strap attached to the pole in the center of the room, her upper arms were causing her quite a bit of pain. Summer could not move her arms or her legs. All she could do was wiggle her hands, fingers and toes. She subconsciously continued to squeeze and flex her digits in an effort to keep the blood flowing through her limbs. But, her ass was still on fire. The leather strap had been expertly used by Bill and had inflicted a great deal of pain in a limited number of strokes.

Summer's head began to swim just a little, but she attributed it to the position she was in as the thought of being drugged never occurred to her. Summer was able to gaze around the room and noticed all of the punishment trappings still on the wall. She tried to look on her back to see the 18 inch leather paddle lying there, but she could not crane her neck sufficiently to get a quick glimpse of the paddle. She wondered how her ass looked at that moment. 

Summer began to feel a little faint and called out to Bill, "Sir, I am not feeling too good. Can you please release me as I think I am going to faint."

"Oh, don't worry Summer it is just the drink that I gave you. In a few minutes, your body will be telling me that you need to fuck," replied Bill.

Summer quickly replied, "What did you give me?"

Bill then picked up the leather paddle and quickly gave Summer five quick and hard slaps across her ass. "What did you say slut?"

Summer quickly and compliantly said, "Sir, what did you give me?"

Bill then told Summer that it was a special drink for sluts to make them really need cock. Additionally, it dulled the extremities of the lips, pussy, ass and nipples. He also went on to tell the poor English teacher that she would be given 100 slaps across her ass the next time that she failed to comply with his instructions or did not refer to the men in the shop as Sir.

Bill took the handle of the paddle, placed it under Summer's chin and then raised her head upwards as he asked her, "Do you understand slut."

All Summer could say was, "Yes sir."

Bill removed the paddle and Summer lowered her head. She stared at the floor tiles which were a patterned black and white checker board. As she stared, Summer's head began to swim and she began to wobble. But, her restraints kept her upright, but the strain of the straps made her legs and arms ache that much more.

Summer then heard footsteps coming towards her in the room. She wondered how many of the men had come into the room. She knew that Bill and his accomplice Lee were already in the room. Hands lowered the blindfold back over her eyes drawing Summer back into the dark, frightening world of her tormentor. Bill took up a position behind Summer and slipped the middle finger of his right hand into the teacher's pussy. "Ah, just as I thought, slut, your pussy is leaking pussy juice. The drugs in your drink are working," snarled Bill.

Bill began to work his middle finger in and out of the teacher's pussy. Summer could hear the slurping sounds each time the finger was withdrawn from her pussy. Bill then took his index finger and middle finger of the right hand and used them to saw in and out of the pussy. With each thrust of his finger, Bill felt Summer push back against them. Bill forced his fingers deep into the teacher's pussy and did not withdraw them. Instinctively, Summer began to move back and forth against the fingers fucking herself without any assistance from Bill. Summer's movements got the attention of the customers and her high pitched squeal that she let out each time the fingers were forced deeper into her pussy let them know that the drink was indeed doing its magic on the poor teacher.

Without so much as a warning, Bill took his pussy juice covered middle finger and slipped into Summer's ass hole. His plan was to stretch the teacher's ass hole for his pleasure after the seven men had had their way with her. Bill had taken a bottle of Astro Glide Jell from the shelf and dribbled the liquid down the crack of Summer's ass. He took the black butt plug and began running the length of Summer's ass crack making sure to coat it with the jell. Bill placed the tip of the plug against Summer's puckered ass hole, meeting resistance at first, but with pressure Bill was able to force the one inch diameter, six inch long butt plug completely inserted in the teacher's ass.



Bill then told Summer, "The butt plug in your ass is purchase number four from the list."

The plug was not overly large in girth, but it contained a powerful vibrator that was one of his favorites. Bill had used a similar model on Lisa when she had visited him in his real estate office. Her response to the pulsating butt plug had been marvelous. He felt that Summer's reaction would be the same.

When the butt plug went live, Summer let out a yelp of pain, which was good for Lee who was stroking his cock right in front of Summer's face. He knew that any moment he would be fucking the beautiful teacher's mouth. Lee loved blow jobs and to be getting one from a teacher only helped to remind him of his fantasies of youth and his high school teachers.

Bill slipped three fingers back into Summer's gaping pussy. He began to fuck them in and out of her pussy. Bill was amazed that Summer began pushing back against his fingers and low moans were coming from her mouth that confirmed her submission to all of the stimulation she was experiencing.

Summer's rhythm got faster and faster as the stimulation of Bill's fingers, the effects of the drug cocktail and the circumstances of her submission were having the desired effect on her. Bill knew that the cocktail would eliminate any inhabitations that the teacher might have, but it also dulled her senses. He knew from previous experience with the men in the store, that their cocks in various sizes would find a willing hole in this poor English teacher's body.

Bill took his fingers out of Summer's pussy, but noticed that Summer continued to rock back and forth without realizing that the fingers had been removed, but in constant stimulation from the vibrating butt plug. That was the indication that it was time to begin Summer's training in serving multiple cocks with that beautiful mouth. His instructions to the men were very specific. They were allowed to fuck her mouth and cunt, but they were not allowed to cum in Summer nor were they allowed to mark her body in anyway. This session was all about training Summer to please cocks whenever offered to her. The idea is to make her orgasms dependent upon having a cock in one of the holes in her body.

As Lee stepped forward, he could see that Summer's mouth was gaped open in lust as he watched as she continued to fuck backwards against the fingers that were no longer inside her pussy. Because Summer's mouth was gaped open, Lee easily slid his erect cock into the teacher's waiting mouth. Summer did not provide any resistance at all as she took the cock willingly into her mouth. As Lee began to force his cock deeper into the slut's mouth, he watched as one of Bill's other clients move in behind the teacher. He watched as the man's pants fell to the floor between Summer's legs and he watched as a massive cock sprang from the man's silk boxers.

The man pushed his hips forward and fortunately, the level of his cock was positioned perfectly for an upward thrust into Summer's pussy. The man was pleased that his cock slipped effortlessly into the teacher's pussy. He slid his cock out several inches, then pushed his cock all the way into the waiting teacher's pussy and he was met with Summer's thrusts back against him. He felt his pubic hair pressed into the folds of Summer's ass cheeks against the base of the black vibrating butt plug protruding from her ass hole and he settled into a rhythm with the teacher. It did not take him long to reach orgasm and in accordance with Bill's rules, pulled his cock out of Summer's pussy. With a couple of strokes the man was able to splash his cum all over Summer's ass cheeks and lower back.

Just as the replacement cock was entering Summer's wet pussy with another client of Bill Fraser, Lee began pumping his cock rapidly into Summer's attentive mouth. Summer had begun to work the full length of Lee's cock into her mouth all the way to the back of her throat. As he reached orgasm, the cock being shoved into Summer's pussy must have found the slut's G-spot as she erupted in orgasm. Lee was barely able to pull his cock out of the slut's mouth before it erupted shooting long streams of jism that caught Summer flush in the face covering her forehead, nose, and the purple blindfold, while running down her cheeks to her neck.

Lee's cock was immediately replaced by another cock, which began pumping in and out of the poor teacher's mouth. At some point, Summer's body erupted in orgasm again as the stimulation of her bondage, the vibrating butt plug, a cock in her pussy and her mouth led her body shudder with the sheer degradation of the action.

All in all, each of Bill's friends was able to cum on Summer's face and ass cheeks twice. Her adult store degradation had taken almost two hours. The man that had been charged with digitally recording the event handed the camera back to Bill who quickly looked at the folder of pictures and he was quite pleased with the quality of the shots as well as how it truly captured Summer's total submission.

Bill pointed the camera once again at Summer and captured her as she was still fastened to the pole, blindfolded, hands and ankles attached to the spreader bar with cum dripping off of her body. Summer's body was caked in cum from Bill's customer friends. Her pussy gaped open after having been fucked grandly by seven cocks. The butt plug still churning away in her ass keeping Sumer in a constant state of orgasm. It was now Bill Fraser's turn with the beautiful English teacher slut.

As Bill positioned himself behind the teacher, he allowed a quick thought about the conquest and how much further his protégé' could take her. But, for the moment, he was only interested in getting his eight inch cock buried in the teacher's ass. Bill pulled the black butt plug from Summer's ass and noticed that the entrance to her anal passageway gaped open. To make it easier for himself, Bill spread some warming KY jelly in Summer's ass crack and watched it as it made its way to her puckered asshole. Bill placed the purple head of his cock against the hole and in one swift motion, forced his cock completely inside the teacher's tight anal passageway.

As if by magic, Summer quickly jumped into motion and matched Bill's thrusts with those of her own. In a matter of minutes, Summer's body was overtaken by another orgasm even as Bill's cock was pistoning in and out of her ass. With Summer's orgasmic explosion, her ass hole began grasping at the cock and the tension of the moment along with the earlier events caused Bill's cock to explode into the depths of Summer's body without concern for Todd's previous instructions that no one should cum inside his slut.

Bill stayed pressed against the teacher's ass as she fucked back against his still hard cock. He felt her body begin to quiver and shake from the inevitable orgasm her body needed so badly. Once she had calmed down, Bill pulled his cock from her ass and he heard it slurp out of the puckered ass hole. He noticed that a trail of cum followed the head of his still erect cock. Viagra was great he thought.

Lee and Bill began loosening the bindings that had held the teacher in place for her degradation and submission. Summer slumped to the floor when the bindings on her elbows and abdomen were released. She was not able to physically catch herself so Bill and Lee gingerly lowered her to her knees. While Bill held Summer erect on her knees, Lee unfastened the cuffs holding Summer's wrists to the spreader bar. Once her hands were released, Summer's first reaction was to swing wildly at her tormentors.

Bill easily moved away from the flailing hands of the teacher. And as a result of her ankles still being attached to the spreader bar, Summer's flailing caused her to fall flat on her face. Her breasts were smashed into the cold linoleum floor and into a pool of multiple men's cum. Summer was immediately repulsed by the cum and tried to push up from the floor, but the shear amount of cum on the floor caused her to only slip back down into the cum. The spreader bar was making it impossible for her to get up off the floor and the cum only made her efforts more fruitless to the point of almost being comical to Bill.

Bill pressed his foot into the small of Summer's back and forced her harder against the floor. While firmly held in place by Bill's foot, Lee went about the process of unfastening the ankle restraints. Bill told Lee to put the spreader bar, blindfold, paddle and vibrating butt plug on the counter out front. Bill then told Lee to go to the dildo wall and take down the eighteen inch double headed model. This model could be used to penetrate a woman's pussy and ass or could be used in conjunction with another woman. Bill had had several of his slut's use this type of toy before to great effect. He imagined that Todd's plan for the dildo would entail both.

Bill once again helped Summer to her knees. He eyes were still a bit glazed, but she was coming around. Typically, the concoction was good for an hour, but because he had doubled the mixture, it was taking a bit longer to wear off. He wanted her fully alert before he released her to drive home. He did not want her to be stopped while under the influence or to be in an accident as that would do him or Todd no good.

Once she steadied herself Summer said, "Please let me leave."

"Well slut your responsibilities to me are not over yet," was Bill's quick reply.

Bill then flung Summer's ripped skirt into her face and said, "Slut get that cum up off the floor. You cannot leave that kind of mess here in my store."

Summer hesitated and her hesitation was met with a swift push of her ass by Bill's foot. It was not time to be physically cruel to the teacher, but strongly insistent on her performing this task.

As Summer began to fall forward, her hands grasped the shredded rag that used to be her skirt. Without further instruction, Summer went about wiping up the cum left by her seven tormentors. When she was finished, she looked up to see Bill leering down at her. Bill's cock was still semi-erect and it was positioned just in front of her mouth.

"Slut, you still need to clean your ass juices from my cock. I cannot go home to my wife with the juices of a slut's ass all over it. Now get busy," was Bill's command.

Bill placed the tip of his cock against the lips of the teacher who resisted accepting the cock into her mouth. All Bill did was reach down and grabbed each of the nipple piercings and pulled them outwardly. Summer screeched in pain which caused her mouth to open and Bill forced his ass juice covered cock into her mouth. Bill released Summer's nipples, grabbed the back of her head and began to pump his cock rapidly in and out of her mouth.

Lee returned with a 10-inch dildo with a flat base that was utilized by a woman (sometimes men) to sit on to fuck themselves by rocking back and forth. Lee placed his hands on Summer's ass cheeks raising her up slightly and then easily slipped the head of the dildo into Summer's gaping pussy. With his cock forced deeply into Summer's mouth, Bill moved his hands down to her shoulders and pushed her down onto the dildo which was the sixth item on Summer's list.

Though not completely imbedded into Summer's pussy, the dildo found Summer's G-Spot and her body was wracked by another orgasm. Once her orgasm erupted, Summer's hands went to the stench covered cock in her mouth and she began to suck in earnest. Bill began to fuck the poor teacher's mouth without concern for gagging her. Bill wanted to dump his second load into the teacher's stomach. It was only a matter of seconds and Bill's cock erupted sending his hot jism against the back of Summer's throat. At the same moment, Bill forced Summer further down the shaft of the dildo and Summer erupted in orgasm again.

Summer passed out from the final two orgasms. The effect of the roofie cocktail, the countless orgasms, the physical strain of the bindings and the servicing of eight cocks had drained her completely.

While she was passed out, Bill's Hispanic maid had come into the store through the back door. Bill and the maid had dragged Summer to the washroom and the maid had cleaned her body of most of the cum. The maid did not wash or brush the cum from Summer's hair as that had been Bill's instructions. The maid was amazed at the body of the teacher, the piercings and the smooth skin of her pussy mound. She knew that the woman had been used sexually by multiple men as she had been subjected to in the past. She felt somewhat sorry for the teacher, but knew from her experience that the woman really did like being degraded deep down.

Once she had her cleaned, the woman took the red dress down from the hook behind the door. It was an effort, but she was able to slide the dress over Summer's head, put her arms through the spaghetti straps and over her breasts.

Summer woke in the front seat of her car to the sound of her phone ringing. In her daze, she looked at her surroundings and realized she was in her car. She saw the flashing display of her phone on the dashboard of her convertible BMW. She reached for the phone, her body ached and the tight dress made it an effort to grasp the phone.

"Hello my slut. Did you enjoy your evening," was the words she heard from Master T.

"Oh my god Todd, what have you done to me," Summer questioned.

"Slut, who do you think you are addressing," Todd's voice echoed in her ear from the phone.

"Sorry Master T, I am just so ashamed and mad at how I have been treated by your friend Bill tonight," Summer replied.

Todd continued, "Bill has reported that you were not completely submissive to his demands and requirements. He advised that he had to bind you to make you understand your total and complete submission to the pleasure of men."

"Bill drugged me Master T and I do not know what happened tonight," Summer replied.

Todd continues, "Well Slut, when you get home you will find all the evidence you need to fill in any details that you are missing."

Then Todd told Summer that she was done for the evening, that she was free to drive home without any more requirements and that she was to call into the Sub-finder line and get a substitute for Wednesday. She could have the day off with no interference from him, but that she would tan all day in the back yard in her tanning salon thong and she was exempt from inserting her butt plug. She was required to wear the white pumps and the slave collar all day.

When she hung up the phone, she looked up to see Sandy staring down on her. The roof to the convertible was open so Sandy could easily see down into the front seat. The red dress that Summer had on was up around her waist and Sandy could easily see the bald mound of her pussy as well as the two pussy lip piercings. Sandy handed Summer a bag and told her that it contained all of her personal items that she had left behind in the salon. She also handed Summer an envelope with the words "SLUT" written on the front.

Sandy told Summer to drive directly home, take a long hot bath and go to bed. You are not allowed to open the envelope until you wake up Wednesday.

With that, Sandy leaned down, grabbed Summer's chin, pulled her face towards hers and planted a major kiss on Summer that was not met with any resistance. During the kiss, Sandy slipped her free hand down between Summer's legs and gently massaged the engorged clit. Sandy slipped her finger between the folds of Summer's pussy lips, pass the piercings and buried it deep inside Summer. Sandy brought Summer to the brink of an orgasm and stopped.

Sandy walked away and Summer started the car. As she backed out of the salon parking lot, tears flowed from her eyes as her hand moved between her legs to rub her aching clit.

Chapter 14 will introduce slut Summer to her husband James...
