Chapter 14

Summer Wayne is a 40 year-old High School English senior teacher who has fallen under the control of one of her students. Todd, Master T, is a 19 year-old senior who happened upon his teacher's profile at the Wives Who Need Sex website. There he had seen her profile and a faceless picture. He had convinced the teacher at the site to send him a picture. Given her lack of computer skills, Summer had sent a picture of her whole body, including her face that showed her fucking her pussy with a black dildo. Todd had successfully taken control of his teacher, had had her nipples and cunt lips pierced as well as a three beaded ear piercing that marked her as his possession. Summer is just returning from a trip to an adult bookstore where she has been subjected to punishment, forced sex, spanking and made to purchase six specific items that her Master T had picked out for her. She has just arrived home dressed in a red dress with spaghetti straps, red pumps and a sore pussy, asshole and mouth...........

Summer parked her car in the garage, closed the garage door and scurried into the house. She did not even bother removing the package that contained the sex toys that she had been forced to buy (she did not remember paying for them) and the clothes that she had worn to work this morning (except for her skirt and blouse). She had arrived home at almost 9:00 PM, which meant that she had been abused at Bill Fraser's bookstore for almost two hours.

Summer ran upstairs and logged into the sub-finder link on the school website. When the link opened, Summer punched in her school ID and requested a substitute teacher for her class on Wednesday. Once she received confirmation of the request, Summer logged out of the site.

Summer then saw her email light was on in her personal email account. She hesitated because she just knew that there would be an email from Todd detailing something that he was going to make her do to please him, but she just did not have the energy to start up tonight. Her pussy was sore. Her ass cheeks and ass hole were sore. Her lips and mouth were sore. Every part of her body was sore from the degradation she received at the hands of Bill Fraser and friends.

But, not wanting to get Todd riled up while he was away in Washington, Summer clicked on the white envelope at the bottom of her monitor and opened her email. Thank goodness she said to herself. There was only one email and it was from her husband James. He detailed his latest business triumphs in Asia and how much he was looking forward to getting home in less than four weeks now. His email also told Summer that he would be calling as usual on Wednesday (around 10:00 PM her time, which is noon his time in Japan) via SKYPE so they could chat and see each other at the same time.

Summer closed the email, walked the short distance to her bedroom, stripped off the red dress and heels. She jumped into the shower to try and wash away the accumulated cum from the night at Bill Fraser's bookstore and to get the feeling of the men touching her from her body. The hot water felt wonderful on her skin, but it also made her ass sting after the paddling that she had received. Summer let the water stream over her head and down her body as she rested against the glass wall of the shower. Then, she began to cry as her mind went back to the bookstore and the pole in the middle of the floor. How had she been so stupid to just mindlessly go into the bookstore in the first place? Why couldn't she have just walked away from everything and start anew.

But then her thoughts went to her two sons and how they would be affected if somehow Todd were to send pictures of their mother performing sexual acts with men that were not their father. She had to do whatever it took to protect her children from her situation. Hopefully, in a month, when James got back to the states, he could help her out of the situation she was in with Todd.

Mindlessly, Summer's hands applied the herbal cleanse to her body. She shivered as her fingers raked over her nipples as she felt the bar bell piercings. Her nipples had always stood erect before the piercings, but now they were rock hard and were sensitive all the time. Summer's fingers continued to touch her nipples and then she began to pull at the piercings to stretch the nipples even further away from her body. "Oh God what is wrong with me," she said aloud.

Not paying attention to her question, Summer lowered her right hand down between the folds of her pussy lips. She felt the ring piercings in each lip, gave them a little tug and then moved her hand to her hairless pubic mound. She was surprised that there was a bit of stubble and knew that she had to shave that area, but that could be taken care of in the morning.

Summer moved her fingers to the erect clit that was so sensitive to touch that she almost came immediately. But, Summer's body needed to relax and she so badly needed an intense orgasm to wipe away the mental picture of the men who basically raped her tonight. Summer's index and middle fingers began to rhythmically move over the clit and would slide into the folds of her pussy lips. She would unconsciously slip her middle finger into her pussy in an effort to remove the feeling of the condom covered cocks that had penetrated her for the past two hours.

Summer's hand began to move more rapidly as her body reacted to the stimulation of her fingers as well as her mind as it relived the degradation she had been subjected to at the tanning salon and at the bookstore. She remembered being fucked by Sandy and her strap on dildo, being tied to the pole in Bill's store and then the seven men who had abused her there. She could not believe that she was turned on by the events, but that did not matter at this point as she had to have an orgasm.

The harder she tried to cum the more difficult it was for her to cum. She suddenly remembered that her hardest orgasms tonight had been when there was a cock in her body. She opened the door to the shower and with her body fully wet, Summer walked into the bedroom, opened her night stand and withdrew the black dildo that had gotten her into this mess in the first place.

Summer padded across the plush Berber carpet back into the shower. Her nipples even more erect now (if that was possible) due to the cold air and then her body being met with the hot spray from the shower. Summer leaned back against the glass panel of the shower wall, slipped the head of the black dildo into the opening of her pussy and slowly pushed it inside. She moved her left hand back up to her breasts as she began to alternate between the two nipples pulling and twisting them. 

Summer worked six of the nine inches of the dildo into her body and then began to slowly fuck it into and out of her pussy. The walls of her pussy tried to grab the cock as it slid in and out. Summer fucked herself faster and faster, she raised herself up onto her tiptoes to increase the tension in her body. Finally, her body erupted into orgasm and Summer let the feeling wash over her body until she was able to turn off the water to exit the shower.

Summer wrapped her body in the luxurious bath towel from the set that James had purchased for her in Thailand. She then wrapped her hair in a smaller towel from the same set, went about removing what little make-up remained after her ordeal and made her way to the bed. Summer was so tired that she fell onto the bed, wrapped herself in the bedding duvet and fell fast asleep.

Summer was awakened by the sound of lawn mowers and shrubbery trimmers. She forgot that Wednesday was the day that her husband James had set up as yard day while he was out of the country. As Summer rose from the bed, she felt deep pain in her ass, down her legs (especially the hamstrings), her wrists, elbows, mouth, pussy and her ass. She slowly made her way to the bathroom and was very pleased when she did not find a pool of blood in the bowl or marks on her body.

Summer threw the bath towels on the tile floor of the bathroom, reached into her closet and grabbed her thick terry cloth robe and slipped her feet into her not so frilly bedroom slippers. She padded down the steps of the stairs and found her way into the kitchen. She took out one of the containers of single cup coffees that she had purchased, placed it into the filter, grabbed a tall mug from the cabinet and pressed start on the single cup coffee maker. The kitchen was encased in sunshine as the rear of the house was almost totally glass with several French doors opening up onto the rear patio where only this past Sunday Lisa and her husband Steve had forced Summer to have sex with them all the while being watched by her neighbor Mr. Johnson.

Summer was thankful that the workers were in the front yard and she could enjoy the momentary silence of the kitchen as the front yard had lots of shrubbery to trim as well as edging of the driveway, walkway and street edging would take quite a while. Summer's coffee finished brewing, she grabbed the French Vanilla flavored Coffee mate from the refrigerator, poured in her favorite amount and sat back down on the bar stool to which she had been tied and beaten with a ping pong paddle just two days ago at the hands of her teenage master.

Summer got lost in the events of the last couple of days, her submission to a student, the piercings, the spankings, the new clothes, the looks she was receiving at school, Lisa's domination, Steve's hard cock, the tanning salon and the degradation she had experienced at the hands of Bill Fraser at the adult bookstore. She still could not believe that only this past Thursday, less than a week ago, she was a career English teacher, loving wife, mother of two wonderful boys who were off to college and an active member of community charity organizations. But all of that changed when she accidentally sent a picture through that damn website and it fell in the hands of one of her students.

Summer was very happy that she had been given the day off by Todd. She did not think that she could have managed to be sane at school today given what had happened to her the past two days. She still had to go to the tanning salon today as she did not want to alert Todd by not going to the salon. She was still shaken up by the pictures that were taken, but she knew of no way to prevent them being used in any advertising campaign. Summer was hopeful that Sandy would not be there.

At that exact moment, her phone, resting in the charger cradle buzzed indicating that she had received a text message. Summer knew it had to be from her young master, but she needed her peace and quiet morning coffee. Then she realized that it was almost noon. She had slept over 13 hours and only now realized it. Her day was almost half over and she knew that the tanning appointment was at 4:00 PM. Summer also knew that she had to prepare for class on Thursday because she knew that the substitute in her class would only be able to assign the chapters as indicated in her lesson plan on her desk. Thank goodness she had planned ahead for the week. She would hate to have Principal Harding do a spot check of her plans as he has done to other teachers this year. Summer admitted that her principal intimidated her and she was very uneasy around him. The meeting after Melanie's mother had complained about her grading scale had put Summer on edge with not only Melanie & her mother, but Principal Harding too.

Summer's thoughts were interrupted once again by the familiar buzz of her phone signaling the receipt of a text message. Summer walked around the kitchen's island to the desk sitting adjacent to the refrigerator. She sat down in the straight backed chair with the hard seat and pulled her iphone from the charger. Sure enough it was a series of texts from the familiar number of her master.

Summer clicked on the first of three texts and began to read:

"Slut I got a report from Bill that you were a very good slut last night and that he was most pleased with your performance as well as how the camera found your performance to be."

Summer quickly replied, "Thank you Master T."

Summer then went on to the second text:

"Slut, why are you wearing that house coat and bedroom slippers? You know the rules when you are home alone."

Summer immediately went pale. She forgot that Todd had put cameras in several areas of the house, her bedroom and kitchen being two of the known areas. She completely forgot that she was required to wear the six inch white heels and have the butt plug inserted in her ass whenever she was home alone. She also knew that the only robe she was allowed to wear was the white, silk almost see-through robe that no longer had the silk tie to keep it closed. Summer could only wear that robe if she had to greet anyone at her door.

"Master, I am so sorry that I am not wearing what you have directed, but I was so strung out after last night that I completely forgot. Please forgive me," Summer frantically typed.

Summer clicked on the third message that simply said:

"Slut, you have 30 minutes to haul your ass back upstairs, shower, shave your cunt and ass crack, insert your butt plug, slip on the heels, fix your hair and make-up like the slut you are and get back into the kitchen. Once in the kitchen, take a picture of yourself and text it to me."

Summer quickly replied, "Yes Master T."

Summer almost ran up the steps to her bedroom. She threw the terry cloth robe on the floor and flung the bedroom slippers across the room in a quick kicking motion with each of her feet. She turned on the water and it immediately was hot as her husband had installed a continuous circulating system from the hot water heater to the master bath room, which Summer was quite thankful for at this very moment.

As the water cascaded down her back, Summer quickly rubbed soap under her arms, down her legs, over her breasts and down the crack of her ass. The hot water felt wonderful, but she had no time to enjoy its pleasing effects. Summer quickly lathered her pubic area with the sensitive skin shaving cream and using her newest lady razor, began to run the blades over her skin. She was careful not to clip the lips of her pussy or the rings that adorned those lips. Summer wasted little time with finesse as she was under the gun for completing this task.

Summer spread her legs and carefully completed shaving her pussy mound. Next she bent over at the waist, took the can of shaving cream and put a generous amount into her hand and then she slid her hand in the crack of her ass making sure to coat the around her ass hole. It did not take long to shave this area and she quickly exited the shower. She dried herself with the extra towel that had been hanging from the brass towel rack and stepping over last night's towels as she headed to her dressing table.

Summer slid open the make-up drawer, pulled out the pink butt plug and the KY Jelly. She flipped open the cap to the jelly and squeezed a large amount of goo onto the tip of the plug and she began to rub it up and down the six inch shaft. Summer wanted to make sure that it was appropriately lubricated before she attempted to insert it because her ass was sore from last night and she was not sure she could withstand any more pain in that area of her body.

Once she was satisfied that the shaft of the pink butt plug was sufficiently lubricated, Summer took a small glob of the jelly and applied it to her ass hole. Next she took the butt plug's flat base in her right hand and bending over, spread her ass cheeks with her left hand. When the tip of the plug touched her ass hole, Summer pressed it forcing the tip to slip inside. Summer was surprised when the plug slide quite easily into her ass all the way to the pink base. Then Summer remembered the butt plug that she had purchased last night, the harness for it and the cocks fucking in and out of her at the direction of Bill Fraser.

Summer sat down on her make up stool quickly applying dark colors around her eyes, highlighting her cheeks with the rose colored rouse and then applied the ruby red lipstick that her master had required to wear all the time.

Once satisfied that her hair and make-up met her master's demands, Summer slipped on the white string lace thong and then stepped into the white, six inch heels. Even though she had worn them the past two days, she was still unsure of herself as she walked out of the bedroom and headed down the stairs. Summer had her white silk robe over her arm as she was allowed to wear it if for some reason she had to answer the door. Even though the tie of the robe had been removed, Summer felt covered when she was allowed to wear it.

Once back in the kitchen, Summer quickly placed her iphone on the counter propped against one of the heavy glass candle holders, set the automatic timer and stood for the inevitable flash of the camera. Summer quickly opened the photo folder to see if the picture was worthy of her master's demand. Summer was disappointed as the room was too dark and her body was washed out by the flash.

Summer went around the kitchen and turned on all of the lights for better illumination. Once again, Summer set up the camera, set the timer and stood in the sexiest pose she could summon. After the camera's flash, Summer once again opened the photo folder and was pleased with the resulting picture, though it showed her face, her erect nipples and the white lace thong covering her bald pussy.

Summer quickly forwarded the picture to her teenage master and waited for a reply. While waiting, Summer made another cup of coffee and sat on the same bar stool on which she had been paddled on Monday night. Unbeknownst to Summer, the landscape crew of three had moved to the backyard and had seen the lights come on in the kitchen area as well as the flash of the camera. It was obvious to them that Summer was taking pictures of herself and they could see that she was only wearing high heels and a thong. With her back to the patio, Summer was not aware that the workers had gathered just off of the patio, hidden by the large azaleas that afforded some privacy whenever she and James had entertained. The men could clearly see the thin straps of the white thong wrapped around her slim waist and then the thin line slipping between the teacher's ass cheeks.

Summer's phone soon buzzed announcing the receipt of a text. It could only be from her master. Summer waited a couple of minutes before reading the text. After she had taken a couple of sips of her coffee, Summer opened the text to read:

"Slut that is a satisfactory pic. However, you did not confirm that you had your pink butt plug inserted in your slut ass. Take a pic now to confirm and send to me."

Summer flicked her iphone to the camera mode and looked around to find a way to set the phone in such a manner so that she could easily take a picture of her ass which would reflect that she indeed had the pink plug in her ass. She decided to use the bar stool to bend over and place the phone on the kitchen table. 

As she turned towards the kitchen table, she saw the three sets of eyes staring back at her. Summer quickly covered her breasts, turned away from the door and quickly disappeared out of the kitchen. Summer ran up the stairs and slammed the bedroom door shut. Summer was shaking with apprehension from being observed by the three yard men, two Hispanics and the white owner of the business whom James, her husband, had hired to manage the large yard while he was out of the country.

Summer's delay in sending the demanded picture caused her to receive a not too subtle text back from her young master:

"Slut, why haven't you sent me the picture of your ass that proves to me that you have your pink butt plug in your asshole that I asked for?"

Summer quickly texted back to her young master, "Master T, I looked out into my back yard and the lawn service employees were staring at me through the sliding glass doors from the patio. I ran upstairs to take my picture for you."

Summer quickly placed the iphone on her make-up table in her room, set the auto timer, moved in front of the camera and bent over at the waist while spreading her ass cheeks for complete verification of the butt plug's insertion in her ass.

Summer clicked on the picture, typed a short message to her master and sent the picture to him.

Todd was on a small break from the tours of the Smithsonian Museum. He was bored of the tour and could only think about his slut teacher and what she had been through since he had been gone.

The tanning salon treatments had been going great and the session that Bill put her through at the bookstore was as he expected. But, for Melanie to be able to record Summer's orgasms in the bathroom was a blessing. Now he could involve Melanie in the further degradation and humiliation of his English teacher. He also knew that Melanie's mother was very mad at his English teacher slut and Todd thought that that might come in handy too.

Todd received his slut's text about having to move upstairs because of the landscape workers in her yard. Then the text came through that revealed very distinctly that Summer did in fact have the pink butt plug inserted in her sexy ass. Todd could also see the white thin silk strip of material going between his slut's ass checks that served to help hold the plug in her ass. Todd sent a text back to the teacher who was now the slut of an 18-yearold student:

"Slut, you have satisfied the requirement for having your butt plug in your ass. However, you did not adhere to the rule that requires that you insert the plug into your ass before you go to bed and to leave it there until told to remove. You have disregarded my specific instructions once again."

Summer's heart sank when see read the latest text from her young master. She could only imagine that some form of punishment was in her very near future. But, she shuddered to think what it might entail. So, Summer quickly responded to her master's text:

"Master T, I am so sorry for not following your directions. But, as I told you I was so tired and sore from the things that Bill Fraser and his friends did to me that I simply fell asleep once I got home last night. I promise to never do that again. Please don't punish me Master T."

As Summer sat on the edge of her unmade bed, she thought more about her situation. She was the slave to a teenager, she had been forced to fuck as well as suck seven total strangers at the hands of a total stranger Bill Fraser and here she was sitting on the edge of her bed with a white thong and a pair of 6 inch white heels as her only clothing. Her ass was filled with the pink butt plug and it was being forced deeper into her anal passage because of the way she was sitting on her bed. She became worried that she did not receive a quick response from her teenage master to her text that included the incriminating picture of her ass with the pink flat base held in place with the thin strap of cloth that ran down the crack of her ass.

Summer was jolted from her thoughts by the ringing of the doorbell at the front door. She realized that she had not left the payment for the landscape services in the mailbox as her husband James had previously arranged. Quietly to herself, Summer mumbled, "Fuck". 

Now she was trapped because Mark Freeman of Mark's Landscaping was at her front door looking for the $90 check for the weekly service. Mark and his crew had also been in the backyard looking through the French doors of her kitchen when she had taken pictures of herself to send to her young master. 

Summer knew that a camera or cameras in her house would be focused on the door. She knew that she had to take the check to the door, but she would not be able to cover herself out of modesty because she was only allowed to wear the sheer white robe, which would clearly reveal her nipples and her thong to Mark.

Summer went to her dresser, pulled out her check book, made out a check for $90, slipped on the sheer robe and headed down the steps. Maybe she could just slip the check through a crack in the door Summer wondered. As she approached the bottom of the steps, Summer could see three figures through the cut glass front door.

As Summer slowly opened the front door, she stuck her right hand out the small crack with the check held tightly in her hand. She told Mark that she was not properly dressed and asked him to just take the check. But to Summer's horror, Mark pushed on the door and forced it open wide enough for him to be able to poke his upper torso and head inside.

Mark then spoke to Summer, "Ms. Wayne, this sprinkler head is broken. We were running a test and found it not operating properly. There has been some pretty bad erosion near to your patio and if you don't get it fixed quickly, you could have some serious problems. I need your authorization to replace it."

Mark could not see Summer's nipples pressed against the sheer material of her robe. He saw that Summer's face was flushed, but she made no attempt to close the robe to prevent him from seeing the front of her white lace thong also. He paused for a moment and then said, "Before you approve this I really think that you should come outside and let me show you what kind of damage has occurred as a result of this faulty sprinkler head." 

Summer quickly replied, "Mark, it is ok for you to go ahead and repair the sprinkler head. I am sure my husband James will be satisfied that you repaired it."

"Well, Ms. Wayne, I think it would be more proper for me to show the owner of the property what kind of damage has occurred. It would not be appropriate for me to just change out a sprinkler head, repair the erosion and then bill you without you having seen the problem."

All the while he is talking, Mark is giving Summer's body the once over. He also is inching the door further open so that he is basically inside the house in the foyer with the almost naked teacher. Mark's stare was making Summer very uncomfortable and she did not know what to do.

At that point, Summer heard her cell phone start ringing. It was a special ringtone that she had linked to Todd Spiller's phone number so that if he called, she would know to answer it as quickly as she could. Unfortunately, at this time, the phone was still upstairs in her bedroom.

Summer then asked, "Mark, would it be ok if I went upstairs to answer my phone? It is probably the school calling and I must take the call."

Mark thought it was odd that Summer asked his permission to answer her phone. But, looking up the stairs, he thought it would be a great view to watch her go up them to get her phone. "Sure Summer, it will be ok for you to go and get your phone, but hurry back as I don't have all day," was Mark's curt reply.

About halfway up the stairs, Summer suddenly realized what kind of view was being afforded Mark Freeman. She tried her best to not sway her hips or to bend over, but the high heels and the butt plug made going up the stairs almost painful. It took all of Summer's nerves to not turn around and see if Mark was watching her.

Mark could not believe the view he had. He bent down as if tying his boot which afforded him a direct view of Summer's ass and he could make out the outline of the base of the pink butt plug held in place by only the thin strip of material of the white lace thong. He could not believe how sexy this teacher was and the fact that she was prancing around in her house dressed like a slut only made the situation that much more interesting to Mark.

As Summer reached the top of the stairs, she knew that Mark had seen her ass and probably could see the fact that she had a pink butt plug inserted into her ass. But, she could not worry about that now as she had to answer the phone before it stopped ringing. 

Summer grabbed the phone off of the bed and quickly answered, "Master T this is your slut."

"What took you so long to answer the phone slut," was Todd's quick reply.

"Master T, I was downstairs paying the landscape crew for the weekly service. But, the owner of the company was showing me a faulty sprinkler head and I was trying to get him out of the house, but he is insisting that I go out to the back yard to see the damage caused by the sprinkler head's failure. But, I cannot go outside dressed like this," was Summer's reply.

Now Todd had an idea as to how to punish his slut for not having the butt plug inserted as she was required as well as wearing the heels with the white thong as her slut uniform. He thought fast about what he wanted to make her do. In this instance, he did not want to have her fucked so soon after being fucked and forced to suck all of Bill Fraser's friends just last night.

"Slut, for not following the specific rules last night you must be punished. To be frank, I am very disappointed in your disregard for my directions. Is the landscape crew still in your house," typed Todd.

"Master T, I am sorry that I did not do as you had instructed, I just thought that based on your instructions to take today off, I did not have to wear the butt plug, thong and white heels. Please forgive me Master," Summer replied.

"Who told you to think slut? You did not answer my question slut," was Todd's quick reply.

"Yes Master T, the owner, Mark Freeman is downstairs waiting on me to go outside with him so that he can show me the damage. I know he just wants to see me more exposed," was Summer's text message back to Todd.

"I will give you two choices slut from which you can pick to serve as your punishment. You can either go downstairs as you are dressed to inspect the sprinkler damage or you can go back to Bill Fraser's bookstore and return the red dress from last night," was Todd's text.

Summer was dealt another blow of degradation and this time she had to choose her degradation. Being exposed to a friend of James' and his workers in her own yard just did not make any sense to her. So, even fearing what Bill Fraser would make her do, Summer knew she could only choose that option.

"Master T, I choose to return the red dress to Bill Fraser," was Summer's response to Todd.

"Very well slut. Get rid of the landscape crew by inspecting the damage. You are to wear the red dress and your white pumps to do the inspection. Don't be late to your tanning appointment," was Master T's response and then the line went dead.

Summer was trapped again. Not only was she going to have to go back to Bill Fraser's bookstore, but she was now going to have to wear the tight fitting red dress from last night.

"Ms. Wayne are you through with your call yet," called Mark Freeman from the foyer.

His voice brought Summer out of her stupor and forced her to quickly strip off the robe. "Yes Mark, I am getting dressed for a meeting; I will be down in just a minute. Please wait for me in the kitchen," responded Summer.

Summer took off her shoes, padded across the Berber carpet into her closet. There on the floor was the dress, if you could call it that, lying on the floor in a ball. Summer went to the bathroom; she pulled the thong from between her ass cheeks and then removed the pink butt plug. She felt that it was ok to do that given that she would be going outside the house and then later to the tanning salon. 

Summer raised the red dress over her head, slipped her hands through the arm slots and pulled it down her body. Summer struggled with how tight the dress was as she pulled it over her breasts. Once it covered her breasts, Summer slipped the dress down over her hips and pulled it as far as the slinky material of the dress would go. Summer stepped into the white six inch pumps and then looked at herself in the full length mirror. Summer was shocked to see how the dress accentuated her breasts, hips and she could see the outline of the white thong. It was quite obvious that her nipples were pierced as the round balls on the ends of each of the piercings were clearly evident through the stretchy material of the dress. Summer turned around to look at the back of the dress and she saw that the hem of the dress fell just two inches below the cheeks of her ass. There was no way for her to be a lady in this dress as anyone looking at her would be able to see right up to her hairless crotch if she were to sit on a bar stool or chair.

Summer headed out the bedroom door and walked as quietly and slowly down the steps as she could. She still was not used to wearing such high heels and her body still ached from the punishment she received last night at the hands of Bill Fraser and his "friends".

Summer was pleased that Mark Freeman was not at the foot of the stairs because he would have been afforded a view directly up her skirt and he would have been able to see the white thong pulled between her pussy lips.

Summer walked into the kitchen. Mark could hear her approaching as the shoes Summer was wearing made a distinct clacking sound as she walked down the hardwood hallway into the kitchen. Mark Freeman could not believe his eyes. Here came this stunningly sexy English teacher wearing white six inch pumps, her nipples pressed hard against the stretchy material of a red dress that barely covered her pussy and he could make out the outline of piercings in each nipple. "James is one lucky SOB", Mark thought to himself.

"Summer, what kind of meeting do you have today that you would be dressed up so sexy", asked Mark.

"Oh Mark, it is a charity function for one of James' charities and I am a host", Summer lied.

"Maybe I need to go to the function if you are going to be there dressed like that. I have some money I would like to deposit", Mark said as he stared at the breasts of his friend's wife. Mark could feel his cock becoming erect and was not at all ashamed to let the teacher see it.

"Mark, can you please show me the work that you want to complete. I have to get to the facility by 4:00 PM to get everything ready", Summer lied again.

Mark led the sexy teacher through the French doors out onto the patio. His workers, Juan and Manuel were sitting on the rock wall that formed an oval enclosure of the patio. The workers were seated on either side of the wall's opening that led to the back yard. Summer's thoughts quickly went back to Sunday afternoon and the torment that Lisa and her husband Steve had forced on her.

The looks on the faces of Juan and Manuel let Summer know that the dress in fact did detail her piercings. She swore she heard one of them say in broken English, "What a slut", which sent a shiver down her spine, but hearing the word from a total stranger made her feel strangely turned on in the moment.

Mark guided Summer around the rock wall into the yard. She was having a very difficult time walking in the six inch heels in the grass. At one point, Summer stumbled and fortunately, Mark was close to her and as she fell against him, she felt his hands reach around her waist to support her. His hands found their way to the outline of the top of her thong and he left it there until they reached the problem area of the yard.

Mark squatted down and began explaining the issues that had to be resolved, the amount of work involved and the amount of materials that would be needed. Mark noticed Juan and Manuel walking up behind the teacher and the thought he would give them a little show. "Summer, here I need you to take a closer look at this sprinkler damage", Mark said as he pointed to the ground.

For effect, he tugged on Summer's arm and forced her to bend over at the waist. In this position, he was sure that his two employees were getting a good view of the teacher's ass and could quite possibly make out the lines of the thong he knew her to be wearing. Juan and Manuel were indeed getting their eyes full of the sexy teacher's ass as they stopped a few feet behind her to get a good look.

Mark held Summer's arm for a couple of minutes to accentuate the material of the dress stretching over her ass. Mark kept a firm grip on her arm so that she was forced to bend over a little further. Juan and Manuel were being treated with a view of the teacher's ass cheeks now as the hem of the red dress had worked its way up to just below the cheeks, but in the bent over position, Summer's cheeks peeked out from the hem.

Satisfied that his employees had been given a treat, Mark released Summer's arm and he noticed that for a moment, she stayed in the bent over position. Summer was afraid to stand up because she was not sure that she would be allowed to and the fact that the men were leering at her made her feel uncomfortable as well as turned on. But, she had to leave as it was now 3:25 and it took 30 minutes to get to the salon.

"To get started on the work, I need you to sign an authorization form for me so that there are not questions as to the work assignment," Mark said. 

"Mark, as I have to leave, please place the proposal in our mailbox and I will sign it tonight when I get back home from the meeting," replied Summer.

Mark then replied, "Summer let's sit here on the patio and go over the proposal so that if you have questions, I can address them now."

Without giving Summer time to protest, Mark sat down at the glass top table and opened his folder, withdrew the proposal and set it on the table. As Summer went to sit down across the table, Mark in a commanding way, "Summer, as my men have worked hard in your yard today, go and get them a beer from your kitchen. I will wait here for you."

Summer was taken aback by the tone and directions Mark was giving to her. But, she knew that she did not have time to fool around as it was getting perilously close to the time she had to leave to get to the salon in time. She quickly crossed the patio with her heels clicking against the floor. The three men watched her ass as she walked with the cheeks swaying with each step.

As Summer returned, the men watched her every step and were pleased to see how her breasts moved in rhythm with each step that the teacher took. The men could clearly see her erect nipples as well as being able to make out the piercings with the knobs on each end of the piercings.

Summer noticed that the Juan & Manuel had taken up the same places on the rock wall as before. She the men the beers and each looked deeply into her eyes with obvious lust, which completely unnerved her, but somehow thrilled her to be the object of such lust from three strangers. Summer noticed that her pussy was getting moist from all of the attention and the electricity in the air with how she had been made to wear the red dress.

As Summer started to take a seat, Mark told her to stand beside him and look over the report as that way he can point things out to her as well as making notes on the proposal. Mark took an inordinate amount of time to go over the work to be done, the materials to be used and the ultimate cost of the proposal. All the while, he was forcing Summer to bend over at the waist, resting one hand on the table as she looked over the proposal. In this position and with the six inch white heels, the hem of the dress was raised even higher almost revealing her ass cheeks and it stretched the material of the dress across her ass which clearly revealed the outline of her thong.

As Mark completed his summarization, he offered his pen to Summer for her signature. As she signed, Mark's two employees sitting on the wall swore to each other that they could see the thong slipping between the slut's ass cheeks. Summer heard them murmur, but did not turn to look at them, nor did she attempt to pull the hem down. As Summer finished looking over the proposal, she had to lean further down to be able to sign on each of the three pages of the document where indicated by Mark. 

After Summer had signed on the three required lines, Mark knew that he could not delay the end of this encounter any longer. So, he quietly tore the pink sheet out of the proposal and handed it to Summer. As she took the paper from Mark, Summer quickly stood up and almost ran into the house.

Mark and his crew sat around smiling to one another while finishing their beers. Mark contemplated a return visit to make the repairs. Juan and Manuel both, speaking in Spanish, made plans to try and plow the white slut's hot ass.

Summer ran through the house and up the stairs. She knew that she had to return the dress to Bill Fraser after her tanning appointment. She was not told by her young master that she had to wear the dress, but she thought she probably should not temp fate with Master T. But, she decided to take her button up blue jean skirt and a simple, white pull over sweater. In her rush to get out the house and to her tanning appointment, she forgot to pick up a bra or a change of shoes.

Summer jumped into her BMW, top still down and backed out of her driveway. As she got to the bottom of the driveway, Mark was standing by the front end of his truck and motioned for Summer to stop. As he leaned into the car, he was able to get a direct view of her white thong as the hem of the red dress was almost up to Summer's hips. 

Mark then said, "I just wanted to thank you for the work and for being so kind to my crew. I look forward to coming back next week and seeing you again."

Summer thanked Mark and headed down the street. Her mind was on the feelings she had as Master T had forced her to flaunt her body in the red dress and how wet her pussy was at that moment. She cautiously slipped her free hand down between her legs and she touched the slip of white material between her pussy lips. She could feel the moisture on the fabric. To give her hand better access, Summer pressed her left leg against the door of the car. In this position, Summer was able to slip her finger inside the thong and she was pleasantly surprised to find her pussy being very wet.

Summer's drive to the salon was uneventful and she was able to arrive at the salon just minutes before her appointment. She was also pleased to see that Sandy was not there today, so Summer felt like she would not be forced to have sex with her again. Then a young girl came down the corridor and arrived at the counter. Summer could see immediately that she recognized her as she was one of her former English students. The young girl said, "Ms. Wayne, I did not know you came here. It is nice to see you. I love your dress."

"Hi Gail. I just started coming this week. This is my fourth visit I think as I started on Saturday," replied Summer.

"Ms. Wayne, we are a little behind schedule right now. Sit there in that chair facing the door and I will come get you when your bad is ready," advised Gail.

Summer was not at all pleased to have to wait. The longer she had to be in the salon, the later she would be getting to Bill Fraser's store and she did not want to be there after 5:00 PM because of the risk of men coming in after getting off from work. She also had to be home by 8:00 PM because that is when her weekly Skype call takes place with her husband James while he is away in Asia.

As Summer sat down, she noticed the length, or lack thereof of the red dress. Sitting there looking down, she could almost see the white thong that was moist from her pussy. Staring straight ahead, Summer was looking into a full length mirror and she could see her white thong quite clearly. Just then the door opened and the ring notification went off to alert Gail that a customer had come in. Summer quickly crossed her legs hoping to conceal her panties from the stranger. Even with her legs crossed Summer could see a hint of her panties as well as being able to clearly see her erect nipples. Looking at herself in the mirror, Summer once again wondered how in the matter of one week she could be dragged into such degradation and submission by a high school student.

Gail's arrival at the counter brought Summer back to reality and she listened as she outlined the tanning programs to the customer. The man selected his preferred program and without reservation had let Gail know that he liked to tan fully nude and wanted to make sure of the age of the beds to ensure that he could get an even tan without worrying about the age of the bed and imperfections it may cause.

Gail listened and tried to relieve any skepticism that he had when she asked Summer, "Ms. Wayne, I know you use your required tanning thong, but you have found the beds to tan satisfactorily?"

Summer was shocked to be brought into the conversation and she was surprised that Gail knew about the tanning thong that Todd had made her wear. Summer meekly replied, "I like the beds, but I have only tanned three times so far."

"Ms. Wayne is being modest here because we have selected her bodies' tan line as a feature in our advertising campaign this year," Gail quickly chimed in.

Summer suddenly remembered the flashes in the hallway and the walk that she was made to take while her body was captured on film by the unknown photographer. She had hoped that the pictures were just a ploy of Todd to make her feel uncomfortable. But here she was being exposed by a former student to a complete stranger. 

Summer was startled from her thoughts by a question from Gail, "Ms. Wayne, do you have your tanning thong on right now?"

Embarrassed and feeling like she had been cornered because Gail knew of the pictures Summer meekly replied, "No I do not. It is in the bag that contains my tanning lotion eye ware."

Gail replied, "Well that is disappointing as I wanted Phil here to see how your lines have formed after only three sessions."

"Sorry to disappoint you Gail," answered Summer.

Phil seeing an opportunity to participate in the conversation, "So, Ms. Wayne, do you wear a bikini top also when tanning?"

Summer was feeling even more anxious now that Gail and Phil were asking her personal questions. All she wanted to do was get in the tanning bed as quickly as possible.

Gail chimed in by saying, "Ms. Wayne does not wear a bikini top. As you can see from her tanning bag, she has nipple shields because she has piercings in each nipple."

"Pull your dress off of your shoulders Ms. Wayne so Phil here can see that there are no tan lines," ordered Gail.

"I am not going to do that here in the lobby with a complete stranger," Summer retorted trying to regain some semblance of authority in the situation.

Gail came out from behind the counter and walked towards Summer. As she drew closer, she held out her arm for a comparison with Summer's. Then she slid her hands up to Summer's shoulder and forcefully turned Summer so that her back was to Phil. Gail and Phil both could see the outline of Summer's thong. Gail was enjoying being able to touch the sexy teacher. She had fantasized about touching her for so long and especially in her daily class two years ago when she barely passed Senior English.

"I am going to pull the dress top down right now Summer to show Phil the deep tan that you have received in your first three sessions," Gail firmly said as she placed both hands on Summer's shoulders.

Phil behind her could not believe his luck. He just wanted to get started on his tan for the winter trip to Turks & Caicos. He watched as Gail had turned the woman in the red dress without much resistance from Ms. Wayne, now knowing her name was Summer. He could not believe that the woman would offer no resistance to the manipulations for such a young woman.

Summer whispered, "Gail, please stop this. I am uncomfortable with what you are doing and I do not appreciate how you are treating me and please give me the respect I deserve and call me Ms. Wayne."

"Summer, you know you like to show off your body. I mean, you agreed to pose for the salon and we have begun using the pictures of your body in our advertising campaign. So there are many people who have been and will be seeing your body including your sexy ass and the nipple piercings," Gail said.

Slowly, without resistance from Summer, Gail lowered the dress from the poor teacher's shoulders. She stopped when the arms of the dress reached Summer's the middle of her upper arms. Then Gail said to Phil, "See the even, dark tan. This is how our beds work."

Phil chimed in, "Yes I can see it there, but I will be wearing a thin thong also, and I do not want to have any other tan lines."

"Well, Summer here is made to wear a very thing tanning thong. She is required to have only a very thin tan line," said Gail.

"Boy, I sure would love to see her tan lines," inserted Phil.

"That can be arranged for you. Summer, pull up the hem of your dress and show Phil here how good our tanning booths are," ordered Gail.

Summer feeling quite trapped and anxious replied, "Gail, I do not know why you think I would do that for you or him. Please let me go so I can tan."

"Oh Summer, you really do not have a choice do you. I know you like to show off your tan lines. Take a look at the picture behind me. Do you recognize that ass there? It is you of course," Gail replied.

Summer stared at the picture of a woman bending over at the waist, but there was no way for her to easily determine if it was her or not. Then she looked closer and between the legs of the woman in the picture, she could see the familiar ring piercings displayed around the thin piece of cloth between the woman's pussy lips.

Summer, trying to regain some control and to slow the emotional boil that was starting to cause her pussy to become wetter, said, "Gail, I don't know who that person is. So, please let me go and let me tan!"

Summer's terse response was met with a tightened grip on her arms and a sudden shake of her body by Gail. Summer was concerned that even though Gail was slightly shorter than her, she had incredible strength. Summer did not understand why more powerful people seemed to intimidate her more now. She used to be very firm and dominant in meetings. She always felt like she was in control in the past, but now she seemed to always be submissive with whoever gave her instructions. And, the fact that she was being manipulated by a former student in the presence of a man, for his pleasure was having the same familiar effect or being turned on, but not knowing why.

Summer felt Gail's fingernails digging into her arms slightly. The brightly colored red nails were at least half an inch long and they were making indentations into Summer's skin in a painful, but yet erotic way. 

"Please Gail, don't make me show him my tan line. I beg you to please let me go tan," pleaded Summer.

Gail replied, "Summer you have already given him a pretty good view of body in that red dress. Let him see your tan line and I will get you into your bed right away."

Summer replied, "I will do it if you promise to let me go tan." Summer knew that her time was running out. She had to tan, return the dress to Bill Fraser and then rush home to Skype with her husband James by 8:00 PM.

"I promise Summer. Now pull the hem of your dress up above your waist, bend over a bit and show Phil your tan line," ordered Gail

Summer's brief hesitation was met with increased pressure on her arms. Summer felt Gail's long nails pressing into her flesh. To keep Gail from drawing blood, Summer slowly lowered her arms and her hands found the hem of her dress just in the middle of her ass cheeks. In this position, Summer did not really have to pull the hem up as Phil had a great view of her ass as well as the thin line of material of the white thong that was part of her slut uniform she was required to wear at home. Fortunately, she had been able to take the pink butt plug out of her ass before leaving.

Slowly and reluctantly, Summer raised the hem of her skirt up to her waist. She left it there along with her hands gripping the dress firmly. Phil could not believe his good fortune. All he had wanted was to get a tanning agreement and to make sure the beds were of high quality. Now he was participating in the humiliation of an older woman who happened to be a teacher at the hands of one of her former students.

Phil pressed his advantage a little further and said, "That looks pretty good, but I cannot really determine the richness of the tan line because her thong is hiding it."

"Stand here like you are so I can see Summer," Gail directed.

Gail released Summer's arms, walked around behind her former teacher and looked at her sexy and exposed ass. Gail decided it was time to get some retribution for the "C" she received from the cold bitch of a teacher, which caused her to not be an honor graduate and prevented her from gaining admission to the state university. Summer remained in her slightly bent over position with her hands still grasping the hem of the red dress.

"Yes I see what you mean Phil. I cannot see her tan line either. Let me see if I can make it easier for you," said Gail.

Gail put her hands on Summer's back and pressed her so that she was forced to bend over further. Next Gail placed her hands on Summer's hips, grasped the side strings of her white thong and pulled them down over her former teacher's ass. Summer began to protest, but it was met with a swift slap on both of her ass cheeks by her former student. Summer froze as the pain from the slaps was reinforced from the pain she had received from the spanking administered by Bill Fraser last night. Summer remained bent over, grasping the hem of the dress and did not protest further.

Gail had Summer's thong now pulled down below her ass cheeks. She was instructed to spread her legs so that her tan line could be more easily seen. Gail placed her feet against the inside of the teacher's six white heels and helped her spread her legs. The thong was pulled tightly against the bottom of the teacher's ass cheeks. Wanting to humiliate the teacher further, Gail once again pulled the thong down until it was at mid-thigh stretched tautly by Summer's spread legs.

With her compliant teacher remaining in the exposed position, Gail stood up and gave Phil a better view of Summer's ass cheeks revealing a fine, but thin tan line. As Gail walked away, Phil could not only see the tan line, but he was able to see that Summer's pussy was completely shaven as well as her asshole. He leaned down even further and looked between the poor teacher's legs. Phil was able to see the ring piercings in each of the teacher's cunt lips.

While still bent over and exposed to another strange man, Summer could feel that feeling coming over her body again as well as her pussy beginning to open and close seeking a cock. It was amazing to her that the more she was humiliated the more turned on she became. And to think, all because a high school student had taken complete control of her only six days ago on that fateful Thursday night. Summer felt hands on her ass now as Phil began to take liberties with the compliant teacher.

About that time, Gail returned with Summer's tanning bag. She opened it and showed Phil the tanning thong that Summer was "required" to wear. The widest portion of the thong was barely one inch with the side straps of the thong almost non-existent.

Intrigued, Phil asked, "Why is she required to wear this tanning thong?"

Gail replied, "I do not know for sure, but my instructions are very specific in that she is to wear this thong, she has nipple covers to protect her piercings and she has a headset that she is to wear whenever she tans."

"That is very interesting. This is a very fun and exciting tanning salon for sure," said Phil.

All the while, Summer remained bent over at the waist, hands still grasping the hem of the red dress and her thong pulled down to her mid-thighs. Phil watched as the hand prints from the two slaps administered by Gail on the teacher's ass became more prominent.

"Boy, I sure would like to see the tanning thong on this beautiful woman's body as well as to see how the nipple covers look. Can you make her show me?, asked Phil.

"I think that can be arranged Phil. Summer, go down to room 7, strip your dress off, leave your shoes on and I will be there to help you get ready for your tan," ordered Gail.

Gail and Phil watched as Summer bent over further and picked up her carry bag. Summer shoes clicked as she walked across the lobby floor and headed down the hall way to room 7. Closing the door, Summer realized that she had not lowered the hem of the dress and she did not even realize that she had not done so. Summer was confused because on the one hand she was disgusted by the treatment she had received at the hands of another former student, but on the other hand her body betrayed her as she could feel the moisture building in her pussy. She wanted desperately to bring herself off to gain the orgasm she so badly needed, but the situation did not allow for her to do so.

As instructed, Summer slipped the red dress up over her head, folded it and neatly placed it on the back of the chair in the room. For some semblance of modesty, Summer turned her back to the door, but was met with a full length mirror that gave her a view of her entire body. She could easily see that her nipples were fully erect with the bar bell piercings in each one. She spread her legs just a little and she could see the piercings in each of her pussy lips. Then, Summer pulled the hair around her right ear and turned her head just a little so that she could see the piercings there also.

As she looked at her body, Summer's hands began to move down to her pussy and she felt the wetness there. As her finger scraped over her now erect clit, a shiver went all over her body. Summer watched as the middle finger of her right hand began to quickly rub in a circular motion against her clit. Summer spread her legs even further and inserted the middle two fingers of her left hand into her now sopping wet pussy. She began fucking her fingers into and out of her pussy in rhythm with the circular stimulation of her right hand on her clit.

Just as Summer reached the precipice of her orgasm, Gail and Phil walked through the door. Summer was able to pull her fingers away from her body without being seen, but both Gail and Phil could smell her sex as the air was filled with her aroma.

Gail was the first to speak, "Summer, slip the tanning thong on so that Phil can see how it looks on your body."

Without turning around, Summer reached out, took the garment, if you can call it that and sat down on the chair. As she sat down, she slipped her right foot out of the white heel. "Don't do that Summer," ordered Gail.

With her back resting against the folded red dress, Summer leaned over and slipped the thong over the toes of each of her white heels. She drew it around the heels and began to pull it up her legs. Once she reached her knees, Summer rose to pull the thin piece of material up her thighs.

As she turned away from her current tormentors and facing the full length mirror, Summer pulled the thong up to her waist and aligned it with the visible tan lines. As she watched herself, Summer aligned the small one inch strip of material over her pubic area. This action caused the thin material running from the front material to the T in back to slip into her pussy which spread her pussy lips while causing the piercings to be visible on either side of the material.

Phil was watching and could not help but get a raging hard on. Gail was doing her best to fully humiliate her teacher for just a little payback for the grade and lack of compassion Summer had shown her two years ago.

Gail directed Summer to stretch her hands above her head as she looked into the mirror. Summer hesitated, but her resistance was met with a quick reminder of her situation with a hard slap across her ass. Summer quickly raised her hands above her head fully extending her arms. She closed her eyes because she could not bear to witness any more humiliation at the hands of strangers. But, as has been the case for the past week, the more she was humiliated the more turned on she became.


Gail took the deep tanning lotion from Summer's bag and from behind, began spreading it over the teacher's body. Gail paid particular attention to Summer's ass cheeks. She pressed against Summer's mid-back indicating that she was to bend over. Summer did not delay and quickly bent over placing her eyes directly in line with Phil's crotch. Summer's arms were still extended over her head as if she were standing upright.

Gail slipped her fingers into the sides of Summer's tanning thong and pulled it below her former teacher's ass cheeks. Then, with her fingers coated with tanning lotion, Gail slipped them between the ass cheeks of the now bent over teacher. Gail slid her middle finger down the crack of the English teacher's ass until it reached her puckered ass hole. Gail methodically applied lotion to the ass hole and slipped her middle finger deep into the teacher. Gail could feel the muscles grip her finger and she swore she felt Summer push back against her hand. Gail removed her finger to which she heard a small gasp escape from Summer's lips. Phil had moved toward the teacher placing his crotch just out of the reach of the almost prone teacher. Phil was imagining his eight inch cock over the lips and down the throat of this sexy teacher.

Gail squirted more lotion into the palm of her and then squatted down to apply the lotion to the backs of the teacher's legs. Gail's face was almost pressed into Summer's ass cheeks. She slowly and methodically rubbed the lotion into Summer's legs. Gail was enthralled by the aroma of Summer's body combined with the aroma of the lotion.

Phil's imagination was interrupted when he hear Gail's next instruction to the teacher, "Summer, stand up and face the mirror so I can apply the lotion to the front of your body."

Summer did as instructed keeping her arms fully extended above her head. She heard Gail squirt lotion into the palm of her hand and then she heard Gail rubbing her hands together coating each with a layer of lotion. Then Gail's cold hands appeared in front of Summer as she reached around from behind her. First Gail started with Summer's shoulders and then began running her hands down to her breasts. Gail took an inordinate amount of time applying the lotion. Gail reapplied lotion to her hands and then slid them down the trapped teacher's stomach slipping them inside the thin material of the thong.

"Turn around Summer so that I can apply the lotion to your legs," Gail next instructed.

As Summer turned, she looked on in horror as she saw Phil's camera pointed at her. She knew he was filming her humiliation, which only heightened her submissiveness. Summer could feel her pussy leaking more juice and she was concerned that the juice would be slipping around the thin material of the thong between her legs.

Gail could see the twin piercings peeking around the material of the thong. Gail tugged slightly on the thong pulling the material deeper into the folds of Summer's pussy lips making the ring piercings more visible. Summer closed her eyes as the filming, the touching and exposure to total strangers was drawing her closer to an orgasm without even the slightest manipulation of her clit.

When Gail finished applying the lotion to Summer's lower legs, she stood up in front of Summer to apply the nipple covers. This gave Phil an unencumbered view of the sexy teacher's ass and the musculature of her body. He enjoyed the view and appreciated the hard work that she must be putting in to keep her body in such good shape.

Gail pulled the adhesive strip from the nipple cover and just for her pleasure, she grabbed Summer's right nipple, pulled it to make it grow even harder. As she was pulling the nipple, she heard a low murmur escape Summer's mouth. Gail released the right nipple and said to Summer, "With your left hand, reach down and begin pulling on your left nipple so that I can make sure that the adhesive applies correctly, but leave that right arm above your head."

Summer did as she was instructed and began pulling her left nipple. Gail noticed that not only was Summer pulling, she was twisting the nipple slightly. Watching her touch herself was beginning to really turn her on. She knew that she did not have much more time to fool around with this teacher as other customers were due any time. But, she wanted to torment her just a little longer.

Gail took her time applying the cover to the right nipple making sure to press firmly against Summer's breast. She continued to knead Summer's breast as she watched her pull and twist the left nipple. She looked over Summer's shoulder and saw lust in Phil's eyes.

Gail told Summer to stop playing with her nipple and to re-raise her arms above her head. Gail pulled the adhesive from the cover and applied it to Summer's erect left nipple. Summer could not believe that she was doing everything this former student was telling her to do. Also, she could not believe that she was doing it all the while being watched by a man who up until 10 minutes ago was a complete stranger.

"Ok Summer, turn around so that Phil can get an idea as to the depth of your tan," instructed Gail.

As Summer turned around, her gaze went from Phil's eyes down to his right hand as it was gently massaging the front of his shorts. With her arms still raised above her head and still standing in her six inch white pumps, Summer's body was fully stretched and exposed to Phil. Gail, standing behind Summer, reached around her former teacher and slowly pulled the front of the tanning thong down until the one inch wide strip of white skin just above her pussy came into Phil's view.

Gail then said, "Ok Phil, as you can see after three sessions, Summer here is already developing a deep tan. She will be coming here every day at 4:00 PM for her regular sessions. Maybe next time you can compare lines with her. I work Wednesday, Thursday & Sunday. My co-worker, Sandy, works the other days and is Summer's really close friend.

With that, Phil knew it was time to leave the room. He had hoped for more fun, but Gail had given him clues as to Summer's schedule as well as when she worked. Phil reached up, clasped Summer's right hand bringing it down and shook it softly all the while watching her eyes. He could sense her state of arousal and knew from his past experience with his secretary that this teacher was a submissive in training.

As Phil exited the tanning salon, Gail instructed Summer to lie down in the bed. Once Summer was situated, Gail placed the required eyewear, the required headset on her ears and closed the lid of the bed. "Enjoy your tan slut," Gail said as she walked out the door even though Summer could not hear her. Gail reached the front desk, programmed the tanning bed for Summer to 30 minutes even though her schedule called for 20 minute tans for the first week. "I bet it will cook that sexy ass just a little," as Gail smiled to herself.

On the headset, Summer was again be indoctrinated by her young Master. She listened for the next 30 minutes as Todd told her the things she already knew: She was his slut. She was his to direct. Her so purpose was to please him and anyone he directs her to please. Her life was now his to direct, get used to it. The last instruction was for her to rub her clit for the remainder of her time in the bed, but she was not allowed to cum.

When the bed timer expired, Summer was jolted out of her tan induced slumber. Her fingers were still rubbing her clit gently through the thin material of her tanning thong. Summer raised the top of the bed and slipped out noticing that her ass felt hot, but she attributed it to the multiple slaps she had received from her former student, Gail. How had she allowed herself to succumb to the instructions of a former student. Summer just did not understand what was happening to her. No matter the person, if they displayed any dominance towards her, she automatically evolved into a submissive and did everything she was told to do.

Summer slipped the tanning thong off of her body and placed it in back into her clear tanning salon bag joining the lotion as well as the eyewear. Summer was embarrassed because anyone could see the contents of the bag knowing that her thong would be on display for them to see.

Summer quickly slipped her white thong back on and as it slipped over her ass cheeks she let out a little whimper as her cheeks were sensitive to the touch. She felt like she was sunburned there, but that was not possible because of the lotion. But never mind that, she had to get dressed and return the red dress to Bill Fraser. Summer reached into her bag looking for the white lace bra that matched her thong, when she realized in her haste to get out of the house she had forgotten to take one with her. "Great," she said to herself. The white sweater that she had brought was almost see thru and should be worn with a bra.

Summer slipped her hands through the arm holes of the sweater and pulled it down over her head. As she pulled it down completely, she noticed that the sweater seemed to fit more snuggly than she remembered. She wondered if her lazy housekeeper had dried the sweater rather than laying it on a flat surface to dry.

The material was stretched tightly across her breasts and it made it quite obvious that her nipples had been pierced. She could make out the ball ends of each piercing. She could only imagine what Bill Fraser would be thinking when he saw her walk in with her nipples standing at attention displaying her piercings. Summer could not worry about that at this moment, she had to get out of there, deliver the dress and get home by 8:00 PM. It was now 5:15 as she had been tormented by Gail and witnessed by Phil for 30 minutes past her tanning appointment time.

Summer pulled her button up blue jean skirt out of the bag, stepped into it and pulled it up over her legs to her hips. She suddenly realized that she had grabbed the wrong skirt in her haste to leave the house. This skirt was the one she wore over her bikini when she went to the club. The skirt hung low on her hips and she had never worried about how she looked in the skirt before because she had only used it as a cover-up, never something she would ever wear in public. 

Before buttoning the top button of the skirt, Summer attempted to tuck the sweater into the skirt. But, as she suspected, the sweater had been shrunk by the careless housekeeper, exposing her midriff and belly button and would not appropriately tuck into the waist band of the skirt. "Fuck," Summer said to no one. Summer buttoned the top button of the skirt, sat down on the chair and slipped her feet into the six inch white heels. Summer saw the ankle bracelet that Todd has also made for her and was required to wear all the time. She felt like such slut when she wore her hose with the ankle bracelet on as she had always commented to her husband James whenever she saw a woman dressed like that the woman had to be a slut. Well here she was dressing like a slut for her high school master.

When she stood up, Summer was amazed at how she looked. First, her nipples were standing at full attention and she could easily see the outline of her nipple piercings. The hem of the skirt has mid-thigh. She had thought she had grabbed the skirt that came to just above her knees that she had worn with Todd on Saturday when her torture had begun.

This skirt was only fourteen inches in length with the bottom two inches forming a slit that when standing in this way, gave anyone looking a quick glimpse of her white thong. Summer turned around with her ass towards the mirror, bent at the waist only slightly and she could that her ass cheeks were almost visible. "Oh, fuck, how much worse can it get today. I look like a teenager hooker in this skirt," Summer said to herself.

No matter, she had to get out of the salon. Summer reapplied the bright red lipstick that she had been required her to wear. As required by her young master, Summer shook her hair and then pulled the hair back behind her ear to reveal the piercings with the three red balls. She wondered what the significance was for this piercing, but she had not been informed by Todd. Summer stuffed the red dress into her bag, picked up the tanning salon bag, pulled at the hem of the skirt to pull down as far as possible and walked out of room seven.

Summer could hear her heels clicking on the hard salon floors and she could hear conversations taking place in the lobby. Summer steeled herself and hoped that no one would know her as she walked into the lobby. Just as she reached for the door to exit the salon she heard Gail speak, "Summer, don't forget your appointment tomorrow at 3:30 PM. Remember we had to move the appointment because Todd is coming home tomorrow. He wanted you to have time to get your tanning session in early enough to give you time to get back home to dress for him."

"Gail, I cannot possibly make a 3:30 appointment tomorrow. I do not get off work until 3:00 PM and it is a 30 minute drive for me to get here," replied Summer not wanting anyone to know she was a teacher.

"Well, that is not my problem is it Summer. It is a required appointment for you so do not be late," snapped Gail. Continuing, Gail said, "I am sure your senior students can be trusted to cover for you to leave early. Ask Melanie to help you as I bet she would do anything to get a better grade in your class."

Oh god now she was being directed to solicit help from Melanie who she had dressed down on Tuesday because of her request for better grades in order to be accepted into the state university. And her mother was a tyrant who ran the school and everyone was afraid to cross.

"I will do my best Gail," Summer replied as she hurried out the door.

Summer opened her trunk and placed her bag inside. She forgot to take the red dress out so she had to bend over and dig it back out of the bag. Only then did she realize that her ass was on full display to anyone that happened to be looking at that moment. Summer cringed at the thought of being ogled by strangers and everything she did seemed to be for the benefit of some stranger just introduced into her life. But, curiously, she felt a shiver of thrill at the thought also.

Summer sat in the driver's seat of her BMW and contemplated the short walk down the street to the adult store owned by Bill Fraser. She just could not imagine the walk in her white six inch pumps. So, Summer backed her car into the street and drove the half block to the parking lot in the back of the store. She did not want to park on the street and chance being seen by anyone she knew.

Summer happened to look down at her skirt and was surprised to see that the hem was almost all the way to her waist fully exposing her white thong. She was very surprised that she had never noticed this before on her rides to the club, but she thought that because she had a bikini bottom on at those times it was unimportant. But now, Summer looking down at her legs and seeing her white thong, thought of herself as a slut. She wondered again how she could allow herself to be subjected to submissive activities and domination by a high school senior. She once again calmed her nerves and with determination got out the car.

As she swung her legs out, there was no way to hide the fact that her way too short skirt revealed her thong covered pussy. Thankfully, there was no one in the parking lot so an attempt at modesty was not necessary. Summer reached across the seat to grab the folded red dress, left her purse on the floor board of the front seat and locked the door with the automatic combination on the door.

Kevin Stallings was at the register of his go "no where" job surfing the internet porn sites that Bill Fraser made available to him. His education ended at high school because his grades were not good enough to earn a scholarship, his athletic talents on the football field were not good enough to attract attention for a full ride to college and his family was not financially capable of paying for his education. So, Kevin took a series of minimum pay jobs since graduating four years ago hoping to accumulate money to go to the local community college. He had taken a couple of classes in the past few years, but he had not shown much of an interest in furthering his education. So, in order to find a career, he had enlisted in the Marines and would be leaving at the end of the month for Parris Island, SC.

Kevin heard the bell chime that signaled that a customer had come into the store. What he was not prepared for was the vision of the woman illuminated by the bright lights and mirrors of the bookstore. It was light so brightly to allow the video cameras to record any illegal activity in the store so that Bill Fraser could avoid citations by the city's code enforcement division. 

The woman dressed in a very short blue jean miniskirt and a tight white sweater that showed of incredible tits. Kevin watched as the woman crossed the tiled flow of the book store. He watched as her tits swayed in rhythm with the clicks of her heels on the floor. As she drew closer, Kevin's eyes were glued to the front of the sweater and he was able to clearly make out hardened nipples and yes they were pierced. He had seen pictures on some of the sites where women's nipples were pierced with all kinds of things, but this woman's nipples appeared to be pierced with dumb bell like pieces.

Summer was still nervous and concerned because of the night before, tread cautiously into the book store. She did not remember the lighting being so bright. Thankfully, there was no one in the store except for the clerk sitting behind the counter. She noted the long dreadlocks and the scruffy beard of the man. So typical of the type of person that would work in a place like this she thought to herself. As she drew nearer to the counter, Summer noticed that the young black man was very well developed and was dressed more professionally than she had anticipated.

Kevin's thoughts were interrupted when the woman spoke, "I am bringing this red dress back to Bill Fraser. Is he in today?"

"No he is not here today as he was called away to meetings at the capital. I am in charge of the store as I am his manager," replied Kevin still staring at the woman's chest.

Of course Summer was confused as to what to do in this situation. She had been required by her young master to take the dress back to Bill Fraser and now she finds out he is not at the book store.

"Do you know when he will return today," Summer asked.

"Oh, he will not be back today. He told me to expect you and for me to inspect the dress for any damages to it," Kevin replied.

"Damages? There are no damages to this dress. I only wore it one time from here home last night," Summer replied.

"Well lady, I can only tell you what Mr. Fraser said and I am going to do just as he instructed me to do. I would suggest that you come down off of your high horse and let me do my job," was Kevin's stern reply.

Kevin was enjoying this opportunity more and more. Bill had told him about the woman coming in to return a dress today. What Bill did not tell him was the woman was very sexy and that she would be dressed the way she was. Kevin held out his hand across the counter took the dress from Summer. He watched as she leaned forward against the chest high counter and noticed her breasts pressed against the glass counter top.

Kevin held the dress up and noticed how short and tight it was. He bet she looked really hot in it. Too bad he did not get to see her in the dress. He was playing the part perfectly he thought. The English teacher had not recognized him. She would only remember him he thought if he did not have his long dreadlocks and had addressed her a little more respectfully. But, Kevin knew that this woman was a submissive and that Bill Fraser was helping Todd Spillers break her in. His part in the breaking in of this woman was a forced and public blow job. He other ideas also, but Kevin wanted the blow job first.


"Ma'am, this dress has spots on it. We cannot take a dress back that has been stained as we cannot re-sale it unless we get a hooker in her who is looking for just the right dress," advised Kevin.

"I am sorry young man, but I did not get any stains on that dress. It must have been that way when it was given to me last night," replied Summer.

"You were here last night? Are you a whore and were you looking for a dress to show off your tits and ass for any Johns that may want to fuck you," Kevin asked.

"I beg your pardon young man, but I am not a hooker and I do not appreciate the way you are talking to me. Just take the dress and let Bill Fraser know I returned it," Summer said trying to maintain control of the situation.

"Well slut, I will do no such thing. If I take this back form you in this condition, the cost of the dress will come out of my pay and I am not about to lose money because you were to sloppy last night and got cum stains all over the dress," Kevin replied further closing the teacher into another submissive training situation.

"Young man, you need to take the dress back and treat me with respect," Summer said sternly trying once again to take charge of the situation.

"Well, I probably would give you some respect if you were a proper woman. But, the way you are dressed tells me that you are indeed a slut especially the way you are showing off your nipple piercings," retorted Kevin.

Summer was now in a bit of a trap because she had to return the dress to Bill Fraser as Todd had instructed. But, Bill was not at the bookstore today so she was dealing with a very strong looking young black man with dreadlocks that made him all the more intimidating. She had never been with a black man, but she was remembering her roommate at college and her boyfriend. He was black and was a football player at the college. Summer came in one night unannounced and surprised Megan who was being fucked doggy style by the college player. She remembered that he was a tight end and he certainly had one as his ass was all she could see when she entered the room. Megan was moaning and grunting meeting each thrust of the tight end. 

Reggie was startled and paused mid-stroke when Summer came in and he realized that it was Megan's roommate who he had seen before. Megan moaned to Reggie to put it back in her ass and he did as she asked. All Summer could do was watch because she could not take her eyes off of the cock going in and out of her roommate's ass. Reggie's cock looked like a baseball bat as it disappeared into Megan's ass then reappearing as he pulled out.

Summer had come to her senses and turned to leave her roommate to her boyfriend. But then, Reggie called out and said, "Summer, join us. I have enough cock for the both of you." 

Megan chimed in and said, "Yes Summer it is ok if he gives you some of his monster cock."

Summer just shook her head no and quickly exited the dorm room.

Summer remembered running down the hallway to the bathroom, finding a stall, dropping her short shorts as well as her panties and then thrusting her fingers into her pussy until her body was rocked with orgasm. She had only had sex for the first time the prior week with her future husband James.

Summer came back to reality and pleaded with Kevin to take the dress back. Kevin shook his head knowing that he was applying the right pressure to his former teacher for the blow job he so wanted at that moment.

"Come around here behind the counter and let me point out the stains on the dress slut," ordered Reggie.

Summer hesitated briefly, but was jolted by a buzz that indicated that the door to the back counter area was open and that she should come in. She moved around the corner with her heart almost exploding in her chest, sweat familiarly forming on her forehead and the slick feeling between her legs that was becoming all to familiar to her lately.

When she got behind the counter, Reggie stood up and Summer became even more intimidated because of the sheer size of this young man. His shoulders were very broad and his chest was almost ripping the buttons of his shirt. He extended his hand to Summer to shake hers and she saw how her hand disappeared into this young black man's hand.

Kevin could feel the teacher's hand trembling in his. He squeezed the hand a little harder and pulled her closer to him. He pulled her in front of him facing the lobby of the book store. He then held the dress up so that the light behind the counter illustrated the multiple stains on the back of the dress as well as the front upper portion of the dress. It was obvious to her that these were cum stains from her visit to the bookstore last night.

"I see the stains, but I have to leave the dress her tonight," commented Summer.

"Who told you to bring the dress and leave it for Bill Fraser in this condition," asked Kevin.

"A friend had purchased the dress for me from here, but I did not feel like it was proper for me to wear, so that is why I am returning it to Bill," Summer explained.

"Who is this friend telling bring it back in this condition and thinking we would take a damaged article of clothing back," Kevin continued pressing the teacher.

"I am not sure what to do then. I am required to leave it here for Bill Fraser because I am not allowed to bring it back home and you are not allowing me to leave it for Bill. What am I supposed to do?" Summer asked.

"Well you could take it back with you and take it to the cleaners. If they are able to get it cleaned so that there is no indication of damage, Bill may take it back, but I would not bank on it. He hates it when sluts have done this in the past," Kevin advised.

Kevin continued, "What did you mean slut when you said you were required to leave it here and not allowed to bring it back home?"

Summer realized then that she had let slip out the damning words of her situation of being forced to submit to her young master. She desperately wanted to keep her situation from becoming known to anyone especially this physically intimidating young black man.

"Well I meant that I require to leave it here as a return item," Summer said but not too convincingly.

"Slut, I do not believe anything you are saying. You are like the other sluts who come in here begging for help and looking for handouts from Bill Fraser. Well, I am just not going to do that for you. The dress is damaged and not returnable," Kevin said.

Summer then quickly asked, "Is it possible for me to leave the dress and some money for you to take it the cleaner of Bill's choice?"

"No that is not possible slut," answered Kevin.

"What else can you offer as inducement to get me to take back a damaged article," Kevin continued.

"I am not sure what you mean by that," Summer responded.

"Well, for me to take the dress and suffer an ass chewing by Bill, I need something for my trouble," Kevin said.

"Wh... Wh... what do you mean by that?" Summer asked timidly.

"Well slut, first of all you can call me Mr. Kevin and then you can start by showing me those beautiful tits of yours," Kevin pressed further.

"I can do no such thing young man," Summer retorted.

"Well then get the fuck out the store and take the fucking dress with you slut," Kevin angrily replied hoping that he had not over played his hand with his former teacher.

For added emphasis, Kevin hit the button that buzzed the door to the counter open. He grabbed the very surprised teacher's arm and began to push her towards the door. Summer now realized that the punishment that her young master would be more severe than anything this young black man could do to her.

Summer pulled her arm free from the light grip Kevin had on her upper arm. She then said, "Mr. Kevin what can I do to get you to let me leave the dress with you?"

Suddenly seeing a compliant woman in front of him, Kevin smiled and said, "Tell me what I told you to do for me slut?"

"You told me to show you my breasts," Summer replied.

Kevin grasped the arms of the teacher, shook her lightly and asked again, "What did I tell you to do slut?"

"You told me to call you Mr. Kevin and to show you my tits sir," Summer meekly replied.

Kevin released now compliant teacher's arms and pushed her back against the rear portion of the counter. He took his seat on the bar stool that was behind the counter and in this position, the overhead lights shone down directly on the teacher as if she was on stage.

Kevin looking at the nervous teacher said, "Well show me your tits slut."

Summer reached down to the bottom of her now shrunken white sweater and she began to pull it up her torso. She could not take her eyes off of Kevin as she was feeling more and more intimidated by this young black man. She was nervous that he may do something to cause her pain and she did not want to be subjected to any more pain in this store after the pain inflicted on her by Bill's friends last night.

Summer pulled the sweater up over her breasts and left it there. She lowered her hands down beside her hips all the while looking into Kevin's eyes.

Kevin looked down at his conquest. He could see the erect nipples getting harder by the moment. He still could not believe that she had not recognized him yet. He would be letting her know soon enough. But for the moment, he was satisfied with the way things were working out.

"Squeeze your tits for me slut," Kevin ordered.

As if in a trance, Summer reached up and cupped each breast being careful not to touch her overly sensitive nipples. The piercings made her nipples so sensitive and she was pleased that the pain had gone away. As she massaged her breasts, Summer saw Kevin's hands move down to his crotch. She watched as he began to stroke his cock through his pants. Summer could see an ever increasing hardness in crotch of Kevin's pants.

Summer began to feel the now familiar wetness between her legs as she continued to massage her breasts in front of the young, intimidating black man. Kevin kept his eyes glued on the teacher's tits. He was thoroughly enjoying the teacher's displaying of her tits with the bar bell piercings in each. Now it was time to move this along because he could feel precum leaking out of his cock through the thick foreskin covering the large purple bulbous of his cock.

"Slut, I like your piercings in your nipples. Do you have any other piercings?" asked Kevin, knowing full well that the pussy lips of this sexy English teacher had ring piercings in each.

"Yes Mr. Kevin," was Summer's quick and quiet response.

"Where are your other piercings slut?" Kevin asked.

"I have the piercing in my ear and two piercings in my vagina lips," Summer replied.

"Vagina? Sluts do not have vaginas," Kevin said.

"Uh, I have a piercing in each of my pussy lips," Summer whispered.

Kevin then chimed in again, "Sluts do not have pussies either. Now tell me where your piercings are and call me Mr. Kevin like I told you too."

Summer lowered her eyes from the Kevin's crotch and whispered again, "In my cunt lips Mr. Kevin."

"What kind of piercings do you have slut," Kevin asked.

"They are ring piercings Mr. Kevin," Summer replied.

Looking deep into the teacher's eyes, Kevin ordered, "Unbutton your skirt and show me your piercings like the good slut you are."

"Please don't make me do that here. Someone may come in and see me doing that," pleaded Summer.

Kevin just looked at Summer with a very stern expression knowing that he had successfully forced her into submission. He continued to stroke his cock through his pants as Summer continued to stand before him massaging her breasts as she had been instructed.

Kevin watched as Summer's hands moved down her body and stopped at the top button on her blue jean skirt. He watched as she unbuttoned the four buttons on the miniskirt. Summer never took her eyes off of Kevin's hand as he continued to massage his now even harder cock. Summer could make out the thickness of the cock and she remembered Reggie's cock as it sawed in and out of Megan's cock who was her dorm roommate in college.

After Summer unbutton the bottom button of the skirt, Kevin watched as the waist of the skirt slip down her hips, to her knees and then puddle around her feet. "Kick your skirt away and spread those legs slut," ordered Kevin.

Summer did as instructed without ever taking her eyes off of Kevin's crotch. Kevin noticed this and with his free hand unzipped the front of his jeans until his pubic hairs became visible to Summer as he never wore underwear when he wore jeans. Summer got a glimpse of the almost fully erect cock peeking through the opening in Kevin's jeans.

"Show me your piercings slut," Kevin demanded.

Summer slipped her hands down between her legs and pulled the thin material of her white thong to the side. With her fingers she pulled her pussy lips apart to give Kevin a view of the piercings in her cunt lips, while she continued to look at Kevin's cock as he stroked it through his jeans.

Kevin could see the ring piercings clearly and he could also see the moisture slipping out the teacher's cunt. "Spread your legs further apart slut," Kevin ordered.

Summer slid her six inch heels as wide as she could so that her pussy was stretched as far apart as she could. In this position she was unsteady balanced on her white heels and with her fingers pulling her lips apart. And, to top it off, her body was beginning to ache because of the stimulation both mentally and physically being dished out by this young black man.

"Do you want to see my cock, slut," Kevin asked.

Summer did not respond because she was afraid to say what she really wanted. She wanted to control the situation as best should could. However, her body was beginning take control and her pussy was flowing with her moisture. Summer's finger sneaked away from its grip on her cunt lip and touched her clit. She lightly stroked her clit as she continued to stare at Kevin's cock.

Again Kevin asked, "Slut do you want to see my cock."

"Yes" was Summer's reply.

"Then tell me what you want slut," Kevin ordered.

"Mr. Kevin, please show me your cock," Summer pleaded.

"You can see my cock, but you have to take it out of my pants like a good slut," Kevin said.

Summer reached out with her hands and attempted to unbutton Kevin's jeans, but her hands were slapped away. "Get on our knees slut," Kevin ordered.

Summer immediately sunk to her knees, which made her eyes be aligned almost directly with the opening of his jeans. Summer reached up and unbuttoned his jeans. When she did this, Kevin's cock sprang from the opening. To Summer it looked as big as she remembered Reggie's cock to be. She had never seen foreskin on a cock before as her husband's cock was circumcised and clearly nowhere as big as Kevin's.

"Slut, take my cock in your hands and pull the skin back," Kevin instructed.

Tentatively, Summer reached out with both hands and grasped Kevin's cock. She was surprised by the girth and weight of the black man's cock. She had been intimidated by the physical presence of Kevin, but now she was becoming turned on by him. His cock was hypnotic and his physic was very impressive.

Summer, while holding the cock in her left hand, pulled back the foreskin of this monster cock with her right hand. For sure it was the biggest cock she had ever held and probably the biggest she had ever seen, especially this close. As she stroked the foreskin back, the big head of the cock came into view. Kevin was proud of his cock and he had used it all through his young life. But, he had always been extra careful in taking precautions and had always used condoms when having sex. He did not want to contact any STD's nor did he want to father any children, which made him mature beyond his years.

"Stroke it slut," Kevin ordered.

Summer did not have to be prodded any further as she began using both hands to stroke Kevin's cock. She inched forward with the slit of Kevin's cock pointed directly at her mouth. She strengthened her grip on his cock moving her hands rhythmically together. Kevin's hands were at his sides as he looked down to watch Summer's manipulation of his cock.

"Taste my cock slut," Kevin ordered.

Summer's tongue slipped between her lips and touched the very end of Kevin's cock. She was instantly charged by the touch of the cock. She had never touched a black cock before though she had always listened intently whenever Megan had talked about Reggie's size and length. 

Kevin placed his hands on Summer's head and slowly guided her forward. Still gripping the cock with both hands, Summer's mouth opened as her head was drawn forward by Kevin's hands, but also by her own desire to taste the cock. As the head of the cock slipped between her lips, Summer was forced to open her mouth as wide as possible causing her to experience discomfort in her jaws as well as her lips. Slowly, Kevin slipped his cock further into the teacher's mouth. He knew from experience, a woman's gag factor would take over almost immediately when it approached the back of her throat. He had learned from practice, that being patient and understanding yielded better blow jobs.

Kevin placed his hands on each of Summer's ears and pulled her head back. Then he slowly began to slide her mouth back and forth over the head of his cock. Her hands were still gripping his cock giving him further stimulation. He would pull his cock almost out of the teacher's mouth and then slowly back into her mouth. He could hear the slobbering sucking action coming from Summer's mouth. As he began to pick up the pace, he was able to go deeper into her mouth.

Once the head of his cock touched the back of her throat, Summer's gag reflex took over. She tried to pull off of the cock, but Kevin's gently grip on her head did not allow her to pull completely off of his cock. Summer struggled to keep from throwing up with the head of Kevin's cock embedded in her throat. Kevin's constant, but reasonable pressure relaxed Summer. To follow up, Kevin advised, "Just relax slut. I will be careful not to force my cock down your throat. Keep sucking and stroking me slut. I will reward your efforts with the cum you so desire to receive."

Summer cooed as she heard some compassionate words from a man, while on her knees grasping the largest cock she had ever seen or felt. She had become used to the verbal abuse inflicted by her young master, which had a strange yet erotic effect on her. But, now a total stranger and a black man was taking his time with her and it made her relax mentally.

Kevin could feel Summer's body relax and through his experience he knew that she was relaxing her throat. Slowly and persistently, Kevin worked his cock deeper into the teacher's mouth. Kevin picked up the pace just a little as his body began to tell him that he was drawing near to the orgasm he needed the moment that Summer walked into the store. He also knew he did not have much time as it was after 5:00 PM and he knew that the business men heading home from work to visit the booths in the back for some relief from the stress of their day or to provide relief to those that wanted a blowjob from a man's willing mouth.

Kevin also had to follow Bill Fraser's specific instructions to get the beautiful teacher to submit to his cock, but he could not deposit his cum in any part of her body. He was required to shot his cum all over the teacher's face and to record the event with the camera he had in his breast pocket of his shirt.

Kevin then began giving Summer directions that let her know that she was a slut and this encounter would be like all the others she had experienced in her first seven days as a submissive to her young master.

"Slut, take your hands off of my cock and rub that wet pussy of yours," ordered Kevin.

When Summer did not respond immediately to his order, Kevin pulled his cock completely out of her mouth and slapped it across her face. The cock left streaks of her saliva mixed with his precum on each side of her face. And because of the sheer girth and length of his cock, the cock slaps made a loud sound as it slapped the poor teacher's face again.


Remembering her place, Summer immediately dropped her hands to her pussy, slipped her right hand inside the white thong and found her clit. She began to rub her clit in a circular motion and her hips began to involuntarily thrust against her fingers. "Now, put a finger in your ass hole slut," ordered Kevin.

Summer was disappointed that her once enjoyable experience was changing into the all too familiar situation where she was the compliant submissive to a dominant person who was extorting her to perform lewd acts in order to give pleasure to herself. Summer moved her left hand around her waist and down the crack of her ass. She slipped her fingers inside the thin material of her white lace thong and found her now puckered ass hole. She was surprised how easily she was able to slip her middle finger into her ass hole, but she remembered the pink butt plug treatment she was forced to give herself every night as that led to a stretching of her ass hole.

"Rub your pussy faster slut. I want to watch you cum as I give you my cum," ordered Kevin.

For added incentive, Kevin slipped his cock head into the submissive teacher's mouth and began a rhythmic fucking motion being careful not to force his cock down her throat. Kevin knew that if his cock touched the back of the teacher's throat, two things would happen: his cock would explode in orgasm and the teacher's gag reflex would keep it from being a pleasurable experience for him.

Kevin pulled the digital camera out of his breast pocket and aimed it toward his cock. Because of his towering height over the kneeling teacher, it was easy to focus on the cock as it slipped in and out her mouth. "Open your eyes and look up at me slut as you suck my cock," Kevin ordered.

As instructed, Summer opened her eyes and looked up at Kevin. In that instance, the image of her submission to a black cock was captured. Kevin continued taking pictures as his orgasm grew.

"Slut, you are not allowed to cum until I give you permission," Kevin instructed. Continuing he said, "Blink your eyes three times for your understanding of my instructions."

Summer, knowing that she had no other option, did as she was instructed and blinked the required three times. But, being addressed in this manner, being in this compromising position and being forced to suck a cock while stroking her pussy as well as fingering her asshole, was drawing her ever closer to orgasm. Summer did not think she would be able to withhold the orgasm from herself. So, she re-energized her efforts to draw the cum from the young black stud's cock.

Kevin could feel the submissive teacher's renewed vigor on his cock. He met that renewed vigor with one of his own as he increased the speed of his thrusts into her mouth. He could feel his orgasm building in his balls and he grasped the back of the teacher's head with one hand while continuing to take pictures with the camera held in the other. All the while, Summer's eyes were open as instructed and Kevin could see the pure lust buried behind her eyes. He knew that her orgasm was fast approaching and he wanted a simultaneous one with her.

"Get ready to cum slut as I am going to cum shortly. I want you to be prepared to receive my hot cum," advised Kevin.

He pulled out of her mouth and then asked the poor teacher, "Do you want my cum slut?"

"Yes, please Mr. Kevin," answered Summer.

"Well, ok then slut you can cum," Kevin instructed.

Summer's body erupted in orgasm. Her ass hole grabbed at her finger while her middle two fingers massaged her clit into another explosion at the hands of another stranger brought into her life by her young master. Kevin stroked his cock for all he was worth still continuing to record the event with his digital camera. His cock erupted and spewed its hot jism all over the teacher's face, her chin, her neck and down onto the white sweater that had been bunched up above her tits.

He watched as Summer's tongue swirled around her lips taking in whatever cum had landed there while continuing to stroke her pussy. Her fingers were drawing her to another orgasm when there was a doorbell like ring that signaled the entrance by a customer into the book store. Summer yanked her hands away from her pussy and out of her ass as she tried to duck down lower behind the counter in the hopes that she would not be seen.

Her actions were met with Kevin's voice, "Slut, who told you to stop rubbing your pussy and fingering your ass?"

"But Mr. Kevin, I do not want anyone to see me like this," answered Summer,

"No one gives a shit what a slut wants. Now suck my cock and clean it with your tongue," ordered Kevin.

Resigned to her situation, Summer did as she was told slipping her fingers back into the front of her thong and finding her clit to be fully erect with moisture running down her legs. Her left hand found her ass hole and she easily slipped her middle finger back inside. As she sucked Kevin's still semi-erect cock, she could feel her orgasm building. She could hear footsteps on the tile floor, but Summer did not know how close they were to her.

Once he was satisfied that his cock was clean, Kevin pulled if from the mouth of the submissive teacher. He wiped in on her face to dry her saliva from the cock head and then he slipped it still semi-erect back into his jeans. After zipping up his pants, he took one last picture of the teacher kneeling behind the counter with her hands bringing her nearer and nearer to orgasm. Then he said, "Alright slut you can stop rubbing your pussy and fingering your ass."

Reluctantly, Summer did as she was instructed. She remained on her knees which kept her eye level with the young black man's crotch. She could see that his cock was still semi-erect. She could also feel pain in her jaws from her mouth being stretched by the monstrous cock. Her face was wet with his cum as was her chin and neck. She did not know, but would soon find out that her white sweater also was dotted with large globs of Kevin's cum that when dried would leave unmistakable stains.

"Stand up and follow me slut," were the next words Summer heard from Kevin.

As instructed, Summer stood up while grasping her skirt and attempting to pull her sweater down in a fit of modesty as she did not want the customer to see her exposed in such a way. Her actions were met with Kevin's stern voice, "Don't worry about your clothes slut. You can have them back after you are done paying for the cleaning cost of your dress."

"What do you mean paying for the cleaning cost of the dress," Summer inquired.

Kevin spun around on his heels and towering over the poor teacher said, "Address me as Mr. Kevin and do not ask any more questions slut."

"But, Mr. Kevin, I thought that I had satisfied Bill's requirement just now behind the counter," Summer continued.

"Slut, all you did was to pleasure men as well as compensating me for the asschewing that I am going to receive from Bill for allowing you to take the damaged dress back. You however are going to pay for the cleaning of the dress, which I have estimated to be $50," was Kevin's response.

"Mr. Kevin, I do not have my wallet here. I left it in the car," replied Summer.

"Well slut in that case you will have to earn the $50 in the back room," Kevin responded.

Without further conversation, Kevin headed towards the dark green drapery in the back of the store. Unbeknownst to Summer, the book store was also home to a series of video booths. Bill Fraser supplemented the income from the novelty sales of the store with monies collected from the ten individual porn viewing booths otherwise known as glory hole booths.

Summer followed Kevin through the drapery carrying her blue jean mini-skirt, white sweater still gathered above her tits and the sound of the clicking of her white heels on the tile floor as she walked two steps behind Kevin. She did not understand what Kevin meant by "earning" the $50, but she did not want to be left alone behind the counter while in her current state of undress. The lone customer who had come into the book store while Summer was servicing Kevin's cock was watching her as she crossed the store. He could hear her heels clicking against the tile floor and was turned on by seeing the woman's naked ass cheeks sway as she followed Kevin behind the curtain.

As Summer stepped through the curtain, she became quite nervous. The only lighting in this area was a row of red lights in the ceiling and a couple of red lights on the walls in the corridor. The corridor was only about eight feet wide and she could make out a series of doors on either side of the corridor. Each door was numbered with one through five on the right and six through 10 on the left.

Kevin stopped in front of a door numbered three and opened it. He stepped inside and motioned for Summer to join him. Summer hesitated momentarily until she could see light coming from behind her which meant that someone had come through the green drapery. Summer stepped into the room if you could call it that. There was barely enough room for the two of them in the room. The room smelled of a mixture of sex and Clorox cleaning solution.

Kevin closed the door and then said to the now very nervous teacher, "Take off your top, panties and hang them with your skirt on the hook of this door, but keep your slut heels on your feet at all times."

Summer did not make a move as she was unsure where she was or what she was about to be made to do to "earn" the $50 cleaning fee. Kevin grabbed the blue jean skirt from her hands and hung it on the door hook. Then he grabbed the sweater top and pulled it up over the teacher's head and it too joined the skirt. Then he said, "Take your fucking panties off right now slut."

As if in a trance, Summer hooked her thumbs in the side straps of her white thong and slowly drew it over her hips. To be able to lower the thong down her legs, Summer had to bend over slightly at the waist. When she did this, her ass cheeks met the cold side of the booth, which she used to brace herself as she lowered her thong. Once she had the thong around her ankles, she raised one foot then the other as she pulled the thong off without removing her heels.

At about that time, Summer felt someone's hand on her ass as it rested against the wall of the booth. Summer raised up immediately and now that her eyes had adjusted to the low light in the booth saw that there was a ten inch round hole in the wall that she had been leaning against. Summer could see a man's face through the hole as well as the hand that had just squeezed her ass.

Instinctively, Summer moved away from the wall, which drew her against Kevin's large body. She pressed herself against him in the hope that he would protect her. But, as was the case in her new life, Kevin pushed her away and said, "Slut, this is a glory hole booth. Bill makes his sluts come in here to earn money to make payments for items they cannot afford to buy or to repair for damages to items that he has loaned to them."

"But, Mr. Kevin I do not understand what you mean by earning money to pay for the cleaning," Summer said inquisitively.

Kevin continued with his explanation, "Well slut, you don't have any money to pay for the cleaning so you will earn it her at $5 per blow job. I will collect the money as you perform your service until you earn the money."

"But Mr. Kevin, I have my wallet outside in my car. I can go outside and get the money to bring it back to you," Summer pleaded.

Kevin, knowing the trap was set, replied, "Slut I know that if you got outside you would jump into your car and leave me here holding the bag for the $50 cleaning fee."

"I promise Mr. Kevin to return with the $50 from my wallet," Summer replied almost hysterically.

"Your job is simple slut. If a cock is pushed through either hole in the wall, you are to suck it. But, you are not allowed to swallow the cum. You can cum as many times as you want slut," Kevin said.

Continuing, Kevin said, "You are to catch the cum in your mouth and then deposit into the plastic martini glass that you will find on the floor in front of the glory hole. Get busy," Kevin said as he closed the door.

Summer was shocked when she heard the door lock. This booth had been utilized many times by Bill for his stable of sluts to earn extra dollars or to teach them lessons like in the case of this school teacher. She was being reminded that her sole purpose in life now was to please any man's cock.

Summer immediately tried to open the door, but found that it was indeed locked. She banged on the door and pleaded, "Mr. Kevin, please let me out. I promise to give you the money."

Summer's plea was not heeded as Kevin had already left the area and gone to the control room for the booths. He switched on the video screen in booth number three and it immediately came to life with a video of a woman on her knees in a room full of men with their hard cocks pointed at the woman. She had one large cock in her mouth and one in each hand.

Summer noticed that the booth became more well lit and she turned around to see the TV screen enclosed with a clear plastic panel. Behind the panel, Summer could clearly see the action taking place where a woman was on her knees being face fucked by a very large cock. Summer instinctively counted the men in the room with the woman and she stopped at ten. She could hear the woman moaning around the cock in her mouth and she could also hear the slurping sounds as she sucked the cock for all she was worth. 

After she watched the screen for about two minutes, Summer could see that the cock in the woman's mouth began erupting and as it was pulled out of her mouth, giant globs of cum splashed onto the woman's face, mouth and neck. She watched as the woman raised a martini glass up and caught the last of the man's jism. Then she scraped the cum from her face into the glass. In only a couple more seconds the cock in her hand began erupting and the woman guided the head into the glass as the man's cum was mixed with the first man's cum.

As Summer watched, a new cock replaced the first cock in the woman's mouth. She began again sucking it like it was the last cock on earth. The light from the TV illuminated Summer's booth and the man who had squeezed her ass through the glory hole could see her whole body. He was stroking his cock as he watched her watch the action on the screen.

Summer's hands as if they had minds of their own began to run her breasts and tweak her already erect nipples. Summer's eyes were glued to the screen as she had never seen a scene quite like the one on the screen. She lowered her right hand down to her clit and began to rub it in her favorite circular motion. Summer bent slightly at the waist and spread her legs slightly to give her fingers better access to her pussy. She noticed that her pussy was still very wet, which gave extra lubrication to her fingers allowing her to rub her clit more feverishly bringing her closer and closer to orgasm.

As Summer concentrated on the screen, the man in the adjacent booth extended his arm through the ten inch glory hole. His hands reached the sexy woman's ass and he began to massage it as he had before. Summer instinctively straightened up and moved away from the hand, but with her hand between her legs and her other hand massaging her breasts, it wasn't too long until before she bent over again slightly. The man's hand returned to her ass cheek, but this time it was not met with resistance.

He began to squeeze and massage Summer's ass cheeks. He could feel the taunt muscles of each cheek and he could feel her moving her ass towards his manipulations of her ass. He pulled on her ass cheek just a little encouraging Summer to turn so that her ass was pointed at the glory hole. Summer did not understand what he was trying to do at first. But, the man was persistent and strongly grabbed her cheek to force her to turn. Once she had turned, Summer understood why as the man's hand slipped between her ass cheeks and found its way to her pussy. He inserted his middle two fingers into the teacher's sopping wet cunt. Summer bent over further to allow the man's fingers better access to her cunt.

Summer's eyes never left the TV screen as she watched the woman suck cock's continuously while she continued to stroke her clit and squeeze her nipples. Summer took her hand from her breasts and placed against the wall to give her some support. She used her hand to help her body move towards and away from the man's fingers as they continued to bring her closer to the orgasm she so needed. 

The man could feel her body tense and as he thrust a third finger into the woman's pussy, he felt the inner walls grabbing his fingers as her body erupted in orgasm. Summer pressed her ass backwards toward the man's fingers and allowed him to push them in as far as her body would allow. Her body was reacting to the invasion of the stranger's fingers and once again she was compliant with the wishes of a strange man.

The man removed his fingers from the woman's body and then through the glory hole said, "Turn around slut. Come here and suck your juices from my fingers."

Summer froze. She hadn't thought that he would speak to her. She did not know what to do until he grabbed her ass once again and pulled her towards the glory hole. He slowly turned her around and was pleased that his actions were not met with any resistance from the woman.

"Knell down slut and suck my fingers," the man said.

Like always when confronted with a dominant man, Summer did as she was instructed. She lowered herself down into a squatting position, which brought her mouth directly in line with the glory hole's position in the wall before. The man extended his hand so that his fingers were pressed up against Summer's lips. She heard him ask, "What is your name slut?"

"Summer" was her reply.

"Well Summer the slut, get busy sucking your cunt juice from my fingers," was the man's response.

As directed, Summer opened her mouth and mimicking the actions of the woman in the video she had been watching, she sucked the man's fingers like they were one of the cocks on the screen. She pressed her hands against the wall on either side of the glory hole. The man fucked his fingers in and out of Summer's mouth until he was pleased with her action as well as the knowledge that she had complied with his directions.

As the man pulled his fingers from Summer's mouth, he heard a slurping noise as she reluctantly allowed the fingers to escape her mouth. Then he said to her, "Stay in that position slut."

The man stood up and then extended his erect cock through the glory hole. He waited for a couple of seconds, withdrew his cock and bent over to say, "Slut, suck my cock."

He stood back up and extended his cock back through the glory hole. This time his cock met Summer's lips and was rewarded with an open mouth. Summer began sucking the cock like the woman in the video. Summer craned her head slightly so that she could watch the action on the video screen while she sucked the cock through the wall.

The man's cock suddenly erupted in her mouth. Summer remembered Kevin's instructions and pressed her tongue against the opening of the man's cock so that she could capture his cum without it escaping down her throat or out the sides of her mouth. Once he had stopped erupting in her mouth, the man slowly pulled his cock from Summer's willing mouth. He bent over, extended his arm through the glory hole and patted Summer on the head as he said, "Good slut." And, then he was gone.

Summer could hear the door to the adjacent booth open and then close. Then she remembered the martini glass on the floor. She could just barely make out the features of the glass. Summer picked up the plastic martini glass and then deposited the stranger's cum into the glass.


No sooner had she deposited the cum when Summer felt another set of hands on her ass from behind. Summer did not know that there was a glory hole on each wall of her booth. This design was made at Bill's direction as he wanted his sluts to service one cock right after another whenever possible and the best way was to have two holes. Also, Bill had installed a video camera into the area containing the TV which utilized the light from the video to illuminate the occupants of the booth.

Out front, Kevin, seated once again behind the front counter, had enjoyed Summer's first glory hole experience and he had already collected $10 from five more men to take advantage of her mouth. Each was given instructions that they could not harm her in any way and they were only allowed to cum in her mouth or on her face. Kevin was taking full advantage of his opportunity to exact a little revenge from his high school English teacher and he was pleased that she had not recognized him up to that point. He was looking forward to making a point of introducing himself to Ms. Wayne when she had completed earning the $50 necessary to clean the dress. And, because of this opportunity, he would make a profit off of the slut teacher's submissiveness too.

While the hands massaged her ass, she heard a voice from behind say, "Stand up and bend over so I can see your ass better slut."

Without hesitation, Summer's mind and body succumbed to her situation. She immediately rose from her kneeling position, and while facing the same glory hole through which she had given her first blow job, Summer bent over at the waist to give the new stranger better access to her ass. She once again placed both of her hands on either side of the glory hole to give her some support and relief from the strain that the position as well as her six inch white heels were having on her body.

The new stranger's hands quickly moved from Summer's ass cheeks down the crack of her ass until they found her wet cunt. She heard the man behind her say, "Reach back here and spread your ass cheeks slut."

Summer quickly complied with these new instructions by removing her hands that had given her some support and moved them to her ass. She grabbed the muscular ass cheeks and spread them as she had been instructed. In this position, the man behind her and a direct view into her cunt as well as being able to clearly see her puckered ass hole. Also in this position, Summer could see light coming from the booth in front of her as a new stranger had entered that booth.

Soon, the man behind her stuck two fingers into Summer's aching cunt. The inner walls of her cunt immediately grabbed onto the two thick fingers and Summer slid her body back towards the fingers to meet their thrusting motion into her cunt. Summer saw through the glory hole in front of her another cock appear. This time, the cock was a black one that was at least the same girth as that of Kevin's only this one had no foreskin, but Summer estimated that it was probably two inches longer than Kevin's.

The man behind Summer slipped his fingers out of her cunt and rubbed her pussy juice on her puckered ass hole. Then the man slipped his fingers back into her cunt. He repeated this action three more times all the while Summer watched the man in front of her stroke his cock through the glory hole making it appear to grow even longer and fuller than when he first pushed it through the glory hole.

The man behind her now pushed a finger at her puckered ass hole and it was met with only mild resistance as the pink butt plug treatment that her young master had insisted on each night had succeeded in stretching the muscles of her anal entranceway. The man behind her pushed his finger all the way into Summer's willing ass, which force her forward inching closer to the black cock extended through the glory hole in front of her.

Summer release her ass cheeks and reached out with her hands and grasped the black cock in each. She began to massage the massive cock stroking it in rhythm with the fingers now fucking her ass as the man behind her had been successful in inserting his middle as well as his index finger into Summer's willing hole.

Summer felt the man's other hand slide two fingers into her cunt and he worked both sets of fingers in tandem with the holes they had penetrated. Summer's body took over and she was lost in a sea of orgasm as the man's fingers along with the cock in her hands pushed her body over the edge causing her to erupt in yet another orgasm at the hands of strangers.

The men heard her shriek in orgasm. The black man reached through the hole, grabbed one of Summer's hands and pulled her forward. Summer instinctively opened her mouth and buried as much of the cock as she could. She remembered to relax her mouth and throat as Kevin had instructed and she was able to more successfully suck more of this big cock into her mouth.

The man behind her had not relented in his assault on the teacher's ass hole and cunt. He began to again piston his fingers into and out of the willing body of the woman in the booth. He could hear her sucking and slurping on the cock extended through the glory hole on the other side of the booth. He wanted to bring her to the edge of another orgasm without allowing her to cum to keep her on the edge for his blow job.

As Kevin had been specific in his instructions, this man was tempted to extend his own hard cock through the opening and fuck it into the woman's ass hole as that was his favorite thing to do in these booths. He had come here often looking to get himself off before heading home to his boring wife. He did not care if it was a woman's or man's ass that he fucked; he just liked to fuck an ass. But, he knew that Bill had a video camera in the booth and he did not want to piss him off by not following the rules. So, he continued his assault on the woman's cunt and ass hole. He could feel her body grabbing and trying to hold his fingers inside her cunt and ass hole. He could not wait to force the slut to suck her bodily fluids off of his fingers.

Summer's mouth was being stretched beyond its physical limits. The man knew how to fuck a mouth and he was forcing more and more of his cock down the woman's throat with each thrust. Her hands helped keep his cock from going deeper down her throat, but Summer's bent over position aligned her mouth as well as her throat directly with the line of the big black cock.

Summer continued to suck and tongue the big cock while using both of her hands to further stimulate it hoping to bring it to a quick orgasm. The black man wanted to extend the pleasurable experience for as long as he could so he controlled the action by slowing down his thrusts and limiting Summer's actions too.

The man behind Summer slipped the thumb of the hand stimulating her cunt onto her clit. Now, Summer was being anally stimulated, her cunt was being fucked with two big fingers, her clit was being rubbed and her moth was filled with another cock. Her mind was lost in a sea of eroticism and had completely given in to her glory hole booth experience.

Summer rededicated her efforts on the black cock and increased the suction on the head of the cock each time he fucked it into her mouth. Her hands began pumping up and down the long shaft in an effort to speed up the orgasm Summer now so wanted to happen so badly. The stimulation from the hands behind her, the large cock in her mouth and the circumstances under which she was being required to perform this lewd act served to only make her feel more compliant.

Summer could hear the black man begin to moan loudly and she figured that he was getting closer. Summer swore she felt the shaft become harder and longer the more she sucked it. The fingers in her ass and cunt had her to the edge of an orgasm. Just as she was about to cum, the monstrous cock in her mouth exploded in orgasm. The owner of the cock grunted loudly each time his cock spurted hot jism into the waiting hot mouth of the slut in the booth. His load was almost too much for Summer to capture in her mouth without swallowing, but she dared not swallow so she had to let some of the cum dribble out of the corners of her mouth.

As she completed sucking the cum out of the black cock, she accelerated her fucking action back against the fingers in her body. Summer continued to hold the black man's cum in her mouth as she felt the orgasm building and began to tighten around the fingers in her ass and cunt. She picked up the martini glass up from the floor and allowed the cum in her mouth to drain in to join with the cum from the first cock she had sucked only moments before.

Once she set the glass back down on the floor pressed against the booth wall, Summer placed her hands against the wall in front of her so that she could push harder against the fingers. Summer increased her fucking action back against the fingers and it was met with more aggressive, deeper penetration into her ass and cunt.

"Oh God please don't stop," Summer pleaded.

The man responded by saying, "Push harder slut."

Summer responded and pushed back against the fingers as hard as her body would allow and she could feel her body about to explode in orgasm when the fingers disappeared from her body.

"Please, please put your fingers back in me. I need to cum," Summer begged.

Her plea was only met with a hard slap across her ass cheeks and with a command, "Turn around slut and suck my cock slut."

Summer begged again, "Please let me cum first. I promise to suck your hard cock."

Her begging was refused as the man extended his hard cock through the ten inch circular glory hole opening. Without receiving a confirmation of an interest in helping her achieve an orgasm, Summer turned around and did as she had been instructed. She took the man's cock into her mouth and began running her lips up and down the shaft. Because it was smaller than the black cock which allowed her to swallow the full length of this her third cock of the past 20 minutes.

This cock felt like it had a different kind of curve to it; different from Todd's cock which had a slight banana curve, though his was nine inches in length. This cock seemed to arch downward which made it easier for Summer to swallow the head down her throat.

Summer made quick work of this cock by using her right hand to stroke it in rhythm with her lips on the cock. She felt the man's cock stiffen and she heard the owner of the cock say, "Get ready slut, and catch my hot cum."

When he said the word cum, Summer's pussy erupted in orgasm as the man's cock erupted deep into her mouth. In spite of her orgasm, Summer concentrated quite hard not to allow any of the man's jism to slip down her throat. Once man had stopped cumming, he reached through the opening with one hand to grab Summer's hair and with the other he wiped his cock all over Summer's face. Satisfied that his cock was dry, he pulled it back through the opening, but did not release Summer's hair. He pulled her to the opening, turned his body around and pulled her face into his ass crack. He held her face there as he forced her nose into his crack.

Summer heard the man say, "Lick my ass or I will pull your hair out of your head by the roots."

Summer could not believe this man was treating her in this way. She had given him a blowjob and had allowed him access to her body. And yet, he was demeaning her by demanding that she lick his ass hole. The man tugged harder on Summer's hair pulling her deeper into his ass crack. Summer had no alternative but to stick her tongue out of her mouth, keeping his cum secured there and she licked the foul tasting ass hole. "That's it slut, lick my dirty ass hole clean," the man said demeaning her further.

Then suddenly, her hair was released and she was left bent over, face pressed up against the glory hole and cum still filling her mouth. Summer turned around and thought about spitting this vile man's cum onto the floor, but she remembered Kevin's instructions. Summer picked up the plastic martini glass and drained the cum from her mouth into the glass. She now had sucked three complete strangers in this glory hole booth, four if she counted the blow job she was forced to give Kevin earlier.

But, her thoughts were interrupted by a new cock extending through the glory hole in front of her. Summer simply opened her mouth, moved her head forward and took this shorter, but thick cock into her mouth. This cock tasted salty and smelled of sweat. She felt the opening of a pair of work jeans through the hole as the cock's owner buried his cock all the way into the English teacher's mouth. His cock erupted into her mouth after only a couple of minutes and then it was gone. Summer sent his cum into the martini glass to join the cum of the three other cocks.

She only had a short reprieve before a squeeze of her ass let her know that her fifth cock was waiting her hot mouth. Summer turned around and opened her mouth to take the cock. She was bent over at the waist in order to align her mouth with the cock poking through the opening. Two hands grabbed the sides of her head and the cock was viciously fucked in and out of her mouth. After only five thrusts, the cum erupted into her mouth. Just as quickly the cock disappeared from the hole.

Summer quickly allowed the cum to dribble into the martini glass. Summer's legs were aching from the tension of being bent over to suck the five cocks, while still in her six inch heels. She decided to go to the floor on her knees for some relief and faced the video screen.

As she stayed in this position, she could see that the woman in the movie was now sitting on top of a man's cock, she was sucking on a cock and a cock was jammed in her ass. As she fucked and sucked the three cocks, Summer watched as the woman took a cock in each of her hands. Summer was amazed that a woman could handle five cocks, but then she remembered that it was a movie and that in real life that just would not work.

Summer's hands slid down her body and her fingers found the folds of her pussy and the erect clit. The stimulation from the blow jobs she had given and the degradation she was being subjected to caused her body to take over. She was in need of an orgasm and she frantically rubbed her clit while watching the woman on the screen take five cocks, which was the same number that she had sucked in the last 25 minutes. 

As Summer concentrated on the screen, two sets of hands came through the glory holes on either side of her booth and started playing with her tits. Each piercing was grabbed and twisted by the new stranger's hands. Though they were no longer sore, Summer's nipples were still sore. And, to have these new men's hands twisting and pulling on her piercings only made her need for an orgasm that much more necessary. Summer, while rubbing her clit with the middle fingers of her right hand, slipped the middle fingers of her left hand into her cunt and fucked them in and out in rhythm with the circular motion on her clit. The men simultaneously pulled and twisted her nipples which brought her to the orgasm she so needed.

One of the men grabbed her head first and pulled her to his hole, which caused Summer to scrape her knees along the floor of her booth. With the hand holding her head by her hair, her mouth was forced onto the sixth glory hole cock. 

Summer fell into a pattern of constant rotation of glory hole submission. She lost count after ten cocks. When the lights finally went off in her booth, the martini glass was almost full of cum mixture of so many cocks. She had cum on her face, on her neck, in her hair and running down her chest to her tits. She lost count of the orgasms she had at the hands of the strangers who molested her body and fucked her face.

The door to her booth opened and a woman walked in carrying a bucket of water and a wash cloth. The Hispanic woman looked at Summer covered in cum, on her knees, fingers in her pussy and her other hand massaging her tits. The woman looked down in disgust and could not believe that Bill Fraser had found another woman to mold into a slut. Maria was happy that it was a new woman and not her. She remembered her times in the booth performing all kinds of sexual acts to please Bill and his clients. This poor bitch had only had to suck twenty cocks, so she was getting off easy.

Maria looking down on Summer said, "Slut, had me that glass of cum." 

Summer did as she was instructed, but continued stroking her clit looking up at Maria. Summer was lost in her efforts to achieve another orgasm as it felt like her body could not cum enough. "What is happening to me," Summer wondered to herself as her fingers brought her to the orgasm she so craved especially being watched by a woman.

Maria was very impressed that after one visit to booth number three, this woman was lost in ecstasy. It took her three visits to the booth to fully understand her role in serving men to achieve her own pleasure. Maria knowing that she had to get Bill's latest conquest out of the room ordered Summer to stop playing with herself and stand up.

As Summer rose from the floor, she felt her body begin to ache. She could feel tightness on her face, neck and chest due to the numerous globs of cum that had dried there. As she stood, her eyes came level with the neck of the Hispanic woman who was dressed in a French maid outfit complete with garter belt, hose and black ankle strapped heels.

Maria told Summer to hold her hands above her head and grab the rings there. Summer did as she was instructed while Maria reached up and attached the leather straps to each of Summer's wrists. Maria stretched Summer until she was standing on the toes of the white six inch heels with the spike of the heel no longer touching the floor. Summer did not even seem to mind.

Maria then poured the cum mixture from the plastic martini glass into the Tupperware container. She knew that Bill Fraser had special plans for this concoction of cum for the new found slut. Once she had poured the majority of the cum into the container, Maria held the glass to her lips and poured the equivalent of three loads of cum into her mouth. Then she grabbed the back of Summer's head and pulled her head back forcing her mouth open by yanking Summer's hair backwards. Maria leaned down and let the cum that she had taken from the glass into Summer's open mouth. Maria combined some of her saliva with the cum mixture poured from the glass. Maria then closed her mouth around Summers while slipping her hands down the tied teacher's body until they found her cunt lips. 

Maria pulled Summer's hips forward by tugging on the lip ring piercings until their pubic areas met. Summer felt something slip between her legs and then realized that the Hispanic woman had a strap on cock between her pussy lips. Maria forced the cock further between the tied teacher's legs and then grabbed Summer's ass cheeks. Maria then pulled Summer back and forth across the plastic cock increasing pressure on her ass to encourage Summer to take control of the thrusting of her hips.

Maria slipped her tongue into Summer's mouth as the two women exchanged the cum concoction swirling their tongues together. Maria sucked Summer's tongue further into her mouth making Summer think that the Hispanic woman's intention was to suck her tongue right out of her mouth.

Maria lowered her hips just enough to get the head of the plastic cock at the entrance to Summer's overflowing pussy. Maria was able to insert the cock and slowly pushed the full nine inches all the way into Summer's cunt. Maria, still sucking on Summer's tongue, started a slow fucking motion in and out of her tied victim's cunt. Maria's clit was being stimulated by the rabbit extension at the base of the plastic cock that was situated against her body.


Maria increased the speed and force of her thrusts into Summer's pussy. Ultimately, Maria found the right direction into the tied slut's pussy and hit the magic "G" spot buried deep in Summer's pussy. Maria let the head of the plastic cock stick firmly in the "G" spot area of Summer's pussy. From that point, Maria started pushing the plastic cock head deeper and deeper into Summer's pussy without pulling it back at all. At that point, the rabbit hit Maria's clit just the right way and her body erupted in orgasm. Her orgasmic reaction forced the plastic cock deeper into Summer's pussy. Maria's orgasm and the thrusting of the nine inch plastic cock deep into her pussy caused Summer's body to once again erupt in orgasm. 

Summer woke no longer tied to the straps above her head. She was sitting on the couch in Bill Fraser's office fully clothed. Summer was looking through her hazed eyes and saw that Kevin was standing in front of her stroking his cock. He moved closer to his former teacher and let loose gob after gob of hot cum onto her face, neck and onto the front of her white sweater.

Then he spoke to her, "Ms. Wayne, it is time for you to leave the store. Here is your cum mixture which you are required to put in your morning coffee that you buy each morning on your way to school. Your Master T wanted you to have the taste of cock in your hot coffee to remind you of the hot blow jobs you gave to the twenty men this afternoon."

"Oh my God, how do you know my name Mr. Kevin," Summer asked.

"Slut, I am Kevin Stallings. I was one of the students that you would not curve your English class grades one point. That was the difference in my possibly getting at least a partial ride to play college football. I hope you remember my name from now on slut," answered Kevin.

Summer sat there dumbfounded as she had been abused by another of her students. "Why were they treating her this way," she wondered to herself. She was brought out of her stupor by Kevin's instructions, "Get the fuck out of Bill's office. Make sure you take that coffee to school with you tomorrow containing the cum from the twenty cocks."

Kevin put his cock back in his jeans and zipped them back up. He pulled Summer from the couch and nudged her out of the office door. Summer looked around the book store and noticed at least ten men wandering around the shelves of the book store. She lowered her head and with her heels clicking across the tile floor walked out the back door of the book store. She punched the lock code into the door key pad and got into her car. She backed the car out of the parking space and screeched her tires as she exited the lot.

Summer made the thirty minute drive home in about twenty five minutes. She was not concerned with getting caught by the police. How could they do anything worse to her than what had just happened in the past two hours at the hands of so many strangers in the booth. As she pulled into her garage, opened her car door, pulled her bags out of her trunk and then walked into her house.

Summer walked up the stairs to the bedroom she shared with her husband James who was working in Asia. She walked into their bathroom and was shocked by her appearance. She had cum stains all down the front of the sweater, on her face and she could see globs in her hair. She broke down and started crying uncontrollably. She had to grasp the edge of the bathroom counter to support herself as her body shock in spasm of disgust and revulsion as the contents of her stomach came rushing up her esophagus. Summer was just able to make it to the commode as the mixture of cum and stomach contents came exploding out of her mouth. Summer continued bending over the commode as her body convulsed with dry heaves.

After calming down, Summer stripped her soiled clothes off and threw them into the trash container. She stepped out of her white heels and noticed cum stains on top of each toe. Summer then stripped her white thong down her body and stepped into the shower. Her body was met with a cold spray which she did not even react to at that point. The cold shower brought her back to reality and she once again began crying uncontrollably. Summer adjusted the water for a hot blast for a massaging spray that began to wash away the cum from her body.

Summer scrubbed and scrubbed her body with the wash cloth that matched her Egyptian cotton towels. She washed her hair with the salon treatment shampoo. Summer rinsed her hair and reapplied the shampoo. She had to make sure all of the cum was washed away. Once satisfied that she had removed the physical evidence of the cum bath she had been given at the hands of strangers, Summer stepped out of the shower and wrapped her body as well as her hair in towels.

Then, the familiar sound of the ring notification from Skype filled the air in her bedroom. "Oh my God, it is James. I cannot talk with him right now," Summer said to herself.

Summer knew that she would be watched by her young master by the video camera planted in her bedroom. She knew that he had given her privacy by not putting a camera in the bathroom or her dressing room. Summer also knew that she would have to insert the pink butt plug in her ass, slip on the slut uniform white lace thong and wear the white six inch pumps. But, she just could not face James dressed that way right now. Summer sat down on the commode and waiting until the ringing stopped. She knew she had to leave the bathroom at some point, but right now, it was a safe haven for her. But, she could not stay there forever.................................

Summer chats with her husband next....................................



