Chapter 15

Summer Wayne is a 40 year old married high school Senior English teacher that is being blackmailed by one of her students. She is required to call him Master T and she is completely under his control only one week after his discovery of her on-line profile. Master T has had each of Summer's nipples pierced, each of her pussy lips is adorned with ring piercings and her left hear has been pierced with a large loop earring that includes three red beads that signifies to Master T that she is his. Master T has been on a high school trip to Washington D.C. and he will be arriving on Thursday evening. Summer's day at school will be palatable for the first time, but after school, she will be visiting the tanning salon again and will be required to provide her master with a ride home upon his return from his trip. Thursday represents the completion of one week of being under the control of her teenage Master, but her weekend will be filled with servitude, tattoos and more degradation, but she doesn't yet know any of this.......... 

Summer was effectively hiding in her bathroom because she knew that Master T would be able to tell whether or not she was wearing her required slut clothes. She knew that Wednesday night was when she chatted with her husband James on Skype. But, she just could not bear to have him see her in her slut uniform as required by her young master. She did not want to put on the white lace thong and slip her tired feet into the white six inch slut pumps while she chatted with James because she was not allowed to wear a cover-up unless she needed some semblance of dignity when greeting anyone at the front door or at the direction of her young Master. Summer also did not want to put the white slut dog collar around her neck nor did she want to have the required pink butt plug inserted in her ass as she chatted with her overseas husband. Dressed like that James would be able to see her nipple piercings as well as the white "slut" collar she was required to wear, though she had forgotten to wear it today on her Master's required day off. She also did not want to risk James asking about any other piercings and her being required to show him the piercings she had in each of her pussy lips as well as the ankle bracelet that Master T required that she never take off. James would also see the large gold loop earring in her left ear with the three red balls linked to it. Summer still did not comprehend the significance of the red balls in the loop earring, but it kept getting caught in her long light brunette hair.

Summer missed her husband and was mad that his work had taken him away from her. She would not be in this predicament if he had not been traveling because she would not have looked on that site and sent the picture that went to one of her students that landed her in servitude to her high school student Master. Summer needed to see James' face and talk to him just to get some semblance of normalcy back in her life. She decided to wrap a towel around her hair to cover the gold loop earring and she wrapped one of the large Egyptian cotton towels around her body covering her breasts and ass as the towel was extra-large enough to cover both her breasts and pussy. Summer then grabbed the collar, white heels and the pink butt plug as she had already slipped on a fresh white lace thong and had slipped on her slut white heels. Summer walked out of her bathroom in dread that this action would cause her more pain and punishment from her young Master. She walked towards the bedroom desk and was able to set all of the "slut" uniform items in plain view of the camera that Todd had installed, but out of view of the webcam for the Skype conversation with James.

As she sat in front of the screen, Summer purposefully turned the monitor slightly away from the area that she thought the camera was stationed. She wanted to have some privacy during her chat and she did not want Todd to be able to look over her shoulder to see James.

James dinged Summer again and this time she answered with an apology as she had been in the shower washing her hair and that was why she could not hear his first ding. He smiled and so did Summer. She had made it she thought and she chatted with her husband for the next hour catching him up on the activities of the kids; her work and the volunteer work she had on her schedule for the next four weeks.

James talked about his client meetings and the trips he had taken in Asia since last Wednesday. He talked about the swap meet he went to in Beijing and the lovely items he had been able to buy there to bring back home the first of November. This hit a nerve with Summer as that meant that he would be almost six weeks coming home. He in fact would be coming home on November 3, which was a Sunday. It was September 25 which meant that it was 40 days until he came home.

Summer's mind wandered through the rest of the conversation after she found out that James was not coming home until November 3. That meant that she would be subjected to continuous degradation by her young master without any safety being achieved by James' early return. She loved talking to James because it felt safe and she felt protected, but under her breathe she was saying "fuck you".

It was almost 9:30 PM when they said their goodbyes and I love you's. As she logged out of Skype and repositioned the monitor, she saw an envelope on the bottom of her screen that indicated that she had email. Because she had taken the day off at her master's direction, Summer first opened her school account to find multiple emails related to her class today and the student's behavior, all bad which was not surprising. Then there was an email from Principal Harding indicating that there would be a mandatory staff meeting immediately after school tomorrow (Thursday) and that everyone should plan on the meeting lasting at least an hour. Mr. Harding's email detailed that the bulk of the meeting would be on the county's proposed budget shortfalls and how that might affect the high school. He would want to make sure that all department heads come by his office in the morning so that they could distribute packages for all of the employees in each department.

"Oh crap. I have that damned tanning appointment tomorrow at 3:30 PM," Summer said out loud.

Summer then closed out her school account and noticed that there was one more email icon at the bottom of her screen, which meant that she had an email in her personal email account most probably from Todd. Summer did not want to open the email. She was both physically and mentally drained from her day. Her mouth still ached from all the cocks that she had sucked and her legs ached from being bent over to accommodate all of the cocks forced on her at the adult book store glory hole. Then her pussy reminded her of the fucking that she was given at the hands of the woman dressed as a maid. Summer remembered the cock extended from the front of her maid outfit and it felt like it was ten inches long. Summer tried to remember how many times she came today, but she just could not count them all.

As she was reliving her day, Summer felt a familiar tingle between her legs. She could feel moisture forming at the entrance to her pussy and she just mumbled "slut" to herself. The only email in her account was from her young master. Before she opened the email, Summer walked back to the bathroom, carrying her slut uniform items; placed each towel on its appropriate towel rack. She brushed out her hair and then blew it dry as she did not want to go to bed with wet hair. 

Once she was satisfied that her hair was dry, Summer opened the cabinet door, reached in and removed the KY Lubricating Jelly she had purchased so that she could more easily stuff the pink butt plug into her ass. Summer put a thick coat of the slippery lubricant all over the plug. Summer then bent over slightly, pulled the thin strip of material of her thong running down her ass crack to one side, took the tip of her middle finger to spread the jelly on her puffy asshole. Once satisfied that she was sufficiently lubricated, Summer placed the tip of the pink butt plug against her asshole and began to slide it inside her anal passageway. Summer felt more and more of the pink butt plug slip inside each time she sawed the plug in and out of her ass. Finally, the base of the plug was pressed against her skin. Summer was pleasantly surprised to find that her ass was beginning to accept the plug and her pain was lessened. Summer pulled the thong material back in place and then slipped on her white slut collar. As she reached around her neck to slip the collar into the appropriate slot, Summer noticed how her silver dollar sized nipples stood out from her chest and how they were hardened by the piercings, which made them stand out even more than ever before.

Once she had on all of the items of her slut uniform, Summer headed out of the bathroom and she sat down at her desk. Summer opened the email because she did not want to make her young master mad. She could not endure any more punishment meetings with him as her ass was still bruised from the paddling she received on Monday as well as from the leather strap paddling administered by Bill Fraser and his cronies on Tuesday night at the book store.

When the email opened, Summer saw that there were four attachments. She went first to the body of the email and read:

"Slut, while I have been away, I am hopeful that you have realized how fruitless it is to resist me. Your servitude to me has been satisfactory, but it must get much better. Attached you will find four items. Open attachment number one, read it and then read the next paragraph of my email."

Summer clicked on the first attachment and when it opened she was shocked into a gasp. It was a picture from her night with Bill Fraser and his friends when she was tied to the pole, a cock in her mouth and one in her pussy from behind. The caption read, "Summer Wayne, school teacher, slut, slave and whore."

The cock in her mouth she realized was that of Bill's friend Lee. The cock fucking her from behind was none other than Bill Fraser's. She could remember the evening, but not the specifics of the abuse she received, nor the camera. She could not remember the number of times she came, but she remembered cumming a lot.

Summer then went to the email and read the second paragraph as Master Todd required:

"As you can see slut, your degradation is well documented. It will be apparent to your husband, your children, your principal Mr. Harding, the school's PTA, the students and all of your friends if you ever disregard one of my commands again. Now open the second attachment slut. After you have done this read the third paragraph."

Summer could not believe that Todd was continuing his threats to publicly detail her submission through his blackmail. She had done everything she had been asked to do to satisfy him.

Summer opened the second attachment and it was a picture of her being exposed to Phil at the tanning salon as Gail held her from behind. The picture clearly showed her face contorted from the pleasure that Gail was inflicting on her pierced nipples while a total stranger she had only met was being treated with a full view of her body. Summer remembered how embarrassed she felt to be exposed in the manner that the picture illustrated, but she also remembered how it began to turn her on.

The third paragraph further detailed Summer's continued slide into servitude, voyeurism and submissiveness:

"As you can see my slut, your body is telling your brain that it needs to be displayed, touched, stroked, spanked, fucked and is a receptor for cum. Imagine your husband receiving that picture while he is working so hard in Asia to make money to take care of his family only to find out that his wife is such a slut teacher. Now go to the third attachment."

Summer opened the third attachment and saw a picture displaying her in the bathroom stall yesterday (Tuesday). She had been aware that people had come into the bathroom while she was performing her tasks for her young Master, but the picture was taken from the adjacent stall at an upward angle. She had not seen the camera nor had she been aware that anyone was in the bathroom as she completed the butt plug induced orgasms. Now, Summer had to be worried about another student in school, only this time the other student had to be an upper class girl. "Oh my God," Summer said out loud.

Without hesitation, Summer went back to Master T's email and began reading the fourth paragraph:

"Slut, as you can see, I am following your every move whether it be at home, school, the tanning salon or Bill's bookstore. You have no place to hide from me and you are my slut to do with as I please. Now go to the fourth attachment slut."

The fourth attachment was a picture taken on the bed in her son's room. They had had bunk beds that had been converted to single beds in one bedroom. The sheets had been pulled back on one of the beds and there on the bed were a red, silk button up blouse, her button up black skirt, her newly purchased black four inch heels with ankle straps, a black and white lace shelf bra, matching lace thong and black back seamed thigh hi hose. Lying next to the thong was the black remote controlled egg, her recently purchased blindfold and there was what appeared to be an envelope lying on the bed.

Summer bolted from the desk and ran as fast as her six inch heels would allow down the hallway to her son's room. Sure enough, there on the bed were the contents from the picture that Todd had sent to her. Summer did not know how Todd had gotten into her house nor did she know when he did it. But, it was apparent to Summer that Todd had full access to her house, her computer, her career and life. Summer could feel the pit of her stomach begin to tighten as she gathered all the items from her son's bed. She placed the items on the comforter of her other son's bed and quickly made up the bed to make both beds match. Summer then quickly gathered up the clothing, the black egg with its remote, the envelope and walked back into her bedroom.

Summer placed the items on her bed and returned to her young Master's email. The next paragraph caused her the most consternation as it was instructions for her Thursday.

"Slut, you are to wear exactly these items tomorrow to school. You will take the pink butt plug, the blindfold, the cup of cum that you gathered last night in your glory hole performance that is in your refrigerator, a small salad for your lunch and you are to insert the remote control egg (I still have the remote) into your cunt before you leave for school or there will be dire consequences for failure to adhere to my instructions. I am expecting you to have lost the five pounds that you were instructed to lose while I am away in D.C. Also, don't forget your slut collar and leash, which should be placed into your purse along with the pink butt plug and any lubricant you may now have. You will teach thinking all day of me. You are to be in your room waiting for me tonight when the bus brings our group back to the school. More later my slut. -- your Master"

Summer once again came to grips with her situation. Here she was a respected member of the community, a high school teacher, wife and mother of two wonderful boys who were off to college. And yet, she was a slave to a high school student, she had been pierced at his direction and she was becoming his willing slut each day that she was under his direction. She did not understand why, but Summer now felt the urge to meet her young Master's every demand no matter the consequences. She had not even thought about the library of digital pictures as well as videos that had captured her perversion as well as her willing degradation and submission to her young Master. She fell asleep shortly thereafter with the butt plug securely in her ass, dog collar firmly affixed and erect pierced nipples staying hard all night.

Summer awoke on Thursday morning feeling better than she had felt in a week. Her ass reminded her of her position, the tiny lace thong & slut collar further detailed her submission to her young Master. She rose from bed, did a quick stretch and padded to the bathroom. She was able to remove the pink butt plug with some ease now as her ass hole muscles were beginning to be stretched appropriately. Summer then relieved herself as she was allowed to do. She removed her collar and stepped into her waiting hot shower.

Summer spent several minutes reliving her Wednesday adventure at the tanning salon and then at Bill Fraser's adult bookstore. She remembered the young black man's hard cock in her mouth behind the counter and then the long period of cocks through the holes in the booth. Her pussy began to remember the stimulation of her submission as well as the rape at the hands of the Hispanic woman dressed in the French maid uniform.

Summer remembered to shave what little stubble had grown on her legs, underarms, on her pussy mound and ass crack. She went over her pussy lips with care making sure not to accidently cut herself. She played with the rings in her pussy lips as her other hand found her erect clit. She was nearing orgasm when her phone rang.

Summer rushed out of the shower without even taking a towel. She knew it would be her Master and she did not want to make him wait. As she pressed the "on" button, Summer heard the automated group call from Principal Harding reminding all of the department heads about the faculty meeting this afternoon and the reminder for each to come to his office prior to the start of school to pick up the information that would be discussed at the meeting right after school.

The cold reality of the day hit her. She had to dress like a slut and walk into Principal Harding's office to pick up the board information. She would have to work all day in the high heels with the egg inserted into her pussy, which Summer knew would have her juices flowing and soaking the thin strip of material between her pussy lips. Then Summer would be forced to sit through a staff meeting dressed as she was all the while her pussy would be dripping moisture sure to run down her legs. Because of the staff meeting, she had to change her tanning appointment from the required 3:00 PM time slot. But, Summer knew she had lots of time between 3:00 PM and the arrival of the school bus that transported the students to DC including her young Master.

Summer went about her morning routine styling her hair, applying lotions to her body and making sure her make-up trended towards a slut as her young Master required, but with a conservative flair. Summer slipped on the black back seamed hose first as it required some effort to make sure that the seams were as straight as possible. She also noticed that these hose had wider lace tops than the other hose she had. The lace tops on these back seamed hose was at least six inches wide, which would make it difficult to hide the tops of the hose whenever she sat down. Summer looked down at her left ankle and she saw the ankle bracelet now covered by her hose and she thought what a slut it made her look like. Next she slid on the white thong with black lace over the hose and pulled it snugly between her ass cheeks and into her pussy lips. Summer looked into the mirror and she could easily see the ring piercings in each of her pussy lips outside of the thong material. Summer adjusted the thin slip of lace material so that her lips as well as the piercings were confined inside.

Next, Summer slipped her arms through the straps of the black and white lace bra that matched the thong she had just put on. She looked in the mirror and the shelf bra helped to support her breasts, but it did nothing to hide her silver dollar sized nipples and the bar bell piercings made her nipples stand at attention. Summer slipped on the red button up silk blouse. As she finished buttoning up the blouse, Summer noticed that the top two buttons had been removed and the button holes had been amateurishly sewn closed. When Summer looked into her mirror, she was taken aback by the view. Her cleavage was clearly visible with the top two buttons removed and when she turned to the side it would be almost impossible to prevent anyone paying close enough attention to get a glimpse of her nipples as well as the piercings. Another facet of the blouse was the clingy silk material that made it quite evident that her nipples were standing at attention and if looking closely, anyone would be able to see the outline of the piercings in each.


Summer then slipped her feet into the new four inch black heels. Summer placed each foot onto the bench at the end of the bed to fasten the ankle straps of the heels. Summer then wrapped the black skirt around her waist and over her hips. She buttoned the top button to fit the skirt snugly in place. The skirt, though with front buttons, was somewhat form fitting and fairly light weight. If she was not careful, Summer feared that anyone would be able to see the outline of the tops of her hose and quite possibly the outline of her tiny thong. She thought to herself that she would need to be very careful writing on the board and picking things up off of her desk as she buttoned all but the last button on the skirt. She did not like the idea of having her back turned towards her teenage students as there was no telling who the girl was that knew about her orgasm episode in the bathroom on Tuesday.

Summer then grabbed up her bag that contained her school paperwork and headed down the stairs. Summer remembered the container of cum in her refrigerator and looked at it disgustingly as she placed into her bag. Summer quickly made a salad and tossed the container into her bag. Ready to leave, she headed for the door to the garage. Once she reached the garage, she hit the door release and the garage door leading to her BMW convertible rolled up almost noiselessly. Summer popped the lid on her trunk and dumped the bag containing her school work, lunch and the container that held the cum from her adventure in the glory hole room at Bill Fraser's store. Summer checked to make sure that the white collar and leash are in her purse along with the pink butt plug. She also saw the tube of KY lubricant as she gets into the car.

When she finally rested in the driver's seat, Summer noticed that the black vibrating egg was not in her purse. It was her intention to insert the egg once she got to school when she could use the women's bathroom. Now she frantically ran back into the house, through the kitchen, up the stairs and into her bedroom. Summer could not find the black egg. She remembered having all of the items displayed on her bed. She walked over to the bed and looked through the unmade covers of the bed. The egg was not there. Frantically, Summer threw the covers from the bed and tore the sheets off of the bed. She started feeling every square inch of the bed covers, but could not find the egg. Summer, down on her knees in her bedroom, began to cry. She could not believe that she was in such a frantic state searching her room for an egg that she knew would only cause her discomfort and quite possibly embarrassment today.

Summer pulled herself together and looked under the bed and fortunately the egg was staring back up at her. She grabbed the egg, rushed out of the bedroom and walked down the stairs as quickly as she could. She was now running behind schedule and she did not want to get to the school late and miss the appointment with Principal Harding. Summer shivered at the thought of him gawking at her and being able to see what she was wearing clothing that quite possibly could be viewed as in violation of the teacher implied dress code. But, Summer could not think about that as she was adhering to the instructions of her high school student master. When Summer reached her car door, she heard the familiar sound of a text message being received.

"Why haven't you inserted the egg into your cunt slut?"

Summer then felt the phone buzz alerting her to an incoming call. Of course it was her young master. She pressed the "accept call" green button and answered, "Hello Master T."

Todd then went off, "Keep your mouth shut and listen to me slut. Why didn't you follow my instructions exactly? Your continued disobedience forces me to punish you. As I am not there at this moment, we will start your punishment now and it will be completed when I arrive tonight. Put your phone on face time and place it on the trunk of your car so that I can see you."

Summer immediately complied as she was running out of time, but worse she did not want to suffer too much for her innocent mistake, but a mistake all the same to her young master.

"Alright slut, stand behind your car, pull your skirt up over your hips, slide your thong down to your ankles, insert the plug into your cunt and lay flat against the lid of your trunk," were Todd's instructions.

To which Summer pleaded, "Master T, please don't make me do that. One of my neighbors may see me and I would not be able to explain what I was doing. Please Master."

"I can see that you are going to be troublesome slut. For questioning my directions, strip your blouse and skirt off, pull your thong down to your ankles, insert the egg and lay flat against the lid of your trunk. If you have any more pleadings, then you can just strip all of your clothes off and kneel on the driveway so any of your neighbors paying attention can see what a slut you are. Then I can be sure you understand that you have disobeyed me again and you questioned my directions," Todd said as he looked into Summer's eyes via the face call feature of their iphones.

When Summer hesitated, her phone went silent. Suddenly, Summer realized her predicament as at any time Todd could see what she was doing inside her house and he had all of those pictures of her that he could distribute to anyone he wanted to right now. Summer was terrified that she had made the final mistake that would cause her to be exposed as a slut for a teenager. Summer shivered at the potential ramifications to her professionally, to her marriage, in the community and then the impact that her exposure as the slut she was becoming (and may truly be) would have on her two children.

Summer quickly hit the speed dial function on her phone hoping to reach her young master. Her call went directly to her young Master's voice mail. Summer did not know what to do. She had hesitated when she had been given specific instructions and now she was afraid that her hesitation may have caused her young master to become tired of the relationship. In that event he could just send out a set of pictures and ruin her. Right then Summer's phone buzzed indicating that it was another face call from her young master. Summer dropped her call to her master and answered the phone as required,

"Master T this is Summer. I am so sorry for hesitating, but I am afraid of being seen by my neighbors."

"What you should be afraid of slut is what I will do to you when I see you or better yet what your husband James will do to you when he receives the email containing several pictures of you with cocks in your mouth as well as your ass satisfying Bill Fraser's clients. Is that what you want slut," Todd asked.

"Master T I am so sorry. I did not think my response through. Please let me please you," Summer begged.

"Because of your disobedience this morning, you are to be punished. Your first punishment is to strip off all of your clothes. Place the phone so that I can watch you strip. You may keep your hose and heels on, slide the egg into your cunt and then lay across the lid of your trunk until I tell you to go to school," Todd ordered.

"Yes Master T," was Summer's response.

Summer laid the phone against the convertible top of her BMW. While facing the phone and the eyes of her young master through her iPhone, Summer unbuttoned and then allowed her red blouse to slip off of her shoulders. She caught it and laid it on the trunk lid. Next, Summer unbuttoned the top two buttons of her black form fitting skirt and it fell to the ground. She quickly picked it up and placed on top of her red blouse. 

Summer standing behind her car was clad only in her black and white lace lingerie set, black back seamed thigh hi's and her four inch black ankle strap heels. Summer's nipples were standing at full attention as they had escaped the lace top of the shelf bra and the nipple piercings were clearly visible in each. Then, while facing the display on her phone, Summer reached behind her back and unlatched the clasp of her black and white lace trim shelf bra, which joined her other clothes on the lid of the trunk. Next, Summer hooked her thumbs in the side straps of her thong and slide it down over her hips, down her legs until the thong stretched between her ankles.

Fortunately, Summer had placed the black egg on the back of the trunk lid when her young master had called the first time. Summer grabbed the egg, placed the tip against her surprisingly wet pussy lips and slipped it all the way inside her pussy. The receiver cord hung four inches outside of her pussy lips. 

Once the egg was in place, Summer, as directed, lay across the lid of the trunk with her eyes looking directly into the phone display panel. She could see her young master's eyes filled with lust as she once again succumbed to his directions and his control.

As Summer looked straight ahead, she heard Todd's instructions, "Slut slip your right hand down between the trunk and your pussy. Start rubbing that already erect clit of yours, but you are not allowed to cum."

Without further instruction or hesitation, Summer ran her right hand down the trunk lid and between the folds of her pussy lips. She found her clit to be indeed erect and quite moist. Her fingers brushed the receiver cord dangling between her legs as her fingers went to work on her clit.

Summer did not even think about the scene she was putting on for anyone paying strict attention to her driveway as they passed by her house. She was a respected high school English teacher, mother of two college age boys, wife to a wonderful man and a slut to a high school student. Her ass was illuminated by the lights of the garage, her ankles were encased in the stretched material of the with thong with black lace, her feet were strapped into four inch heels and her legs highlighted by the stretched material of the black nylon back seamed thigh hi's.

Her fingers were bringing her closer and closer to orgasm as her master only watched. But, the harder she tried to cum, the more frustrated Summer became. She felt empty in her ass and she needed to have that full feeling to truly experience an orgasm. Without permission or direction from her young master, Summer ran her left hand down her side, over her left butt check, down her crack until her middle finger found her puckered ass hole. Without any lubrication, Summer forced her finger inside her ass and she could immediately feel her body react to the added sensation. Her right hand was moving furiously over her clit with her pussy juice beginning to drip from her lips. She rammed the left middle finger deep into her ass as her right hand with three fingers on her clit brought her closer and closer to orgasm.

Todd was very pleased with what he was seeing through the camera display. He knew that any moment one of his three roommates would be banging on the bathroom door to relieve themselves to begin processing for their trip back to Atlanta. But, he had to make his slut cum when she was instructed and he wanted her to beg.

"Slut, are you ready to cum," Todd asked.

"Yes Master T, please let me cum," Summer pleaded.

"You may now cum slut," replied her young Master.

Summer's body erupted in orgasm with her fingers furiously rubbing her clit and her middle finger pushing deeper and deeper with each thrust. Summer's orgasm subsided as she was still spread eagle against the lid of her trunk, black lace thong around her ankles and her eyes gazing at her iphone. However, her young Master had already disconnected his call and she was alone in her orgasm when she realized that time was running out for her to get to school in time for the pre-school meeting with the principal, Mr. Harding.

Summer did not remove the egg as she slowly rose up off of the lid of her trunk. On unsteady legs, Summer brought her feet together and bent over to bring her thong back up to her hips easily slipping the thin strip of material between her pussy lips. She could feel the material between her lips; she did not try and arrange things better as she was running out of time. Summer quickly slipped on her black with white trim shelf bra and pulled the skirt back around her hips buttoning the top two buttons. She quickly slipped her arms through the sleeves of her red silk blouse and buttoned up the remaining buttons cursing herself for allowing her young master to get into her house and act as a tailor when he removed the top two buttons of the blouse before he sewed up the button holes. She looked down, and Summer could clearly see the support material of the shelf bra in her cleavage as well as her erect nipples straining against the thin material of the red blouse. Summer tucked the tail of the blouse into her skirt, grabbed her phone and jumped into the driver's seat of her BMW.

As she back down the driveway, she was startled to almost run into her lecherous neighbor, Mr. Johnson as he leered easily into her car as her convertible top was down as had been required by her young master whenever she drove the car. She apologized to Mr. Johnson by saying, "I am sorry I am just in a hurry. I hope that I did not scare you too badly Mr. Johnson."

"Looking into the car, down her blouse and gazing at the skirt pulled up he could see the wide lace of the tops of his neighbor's black hose, Mr. Johnson replied, "No Summer you did not scare me as I was watching as you got into your car and backed it down the driveway. You look ravishing today. I hope your students can concentrate on your lessons and not what you are wearing. Have a good day teach."

As he watched his sexy neighbor drive away, even at his age, he got a raging hard on while looking down the blouse and at the exposed lace tops of her hose. Johnson continued with his thoughts on taking advantage of the taped sex scene he had watched of Summer and the couple in Summer's back yard. He still could not believe that he had watched her suck the woman, the man, fuck the man and then fuck herself with the Corona bottle (as detailed in Chapter 7). He knew that he could use it against the teacher, but he had to make sure that the timing was right and the opportunity presented itself to him. He was a patient man.

Summer continued backing out of the drive and into the street. She changed gears and speed out of the subdivision. As she pulled to the stop sign just past the subdivision, she glanced down and saw why her neighbor had looked so intently at her. Her blouse was stretched tight against her breasts so he could easily have seen the outline of her piercings and the hem of her skirt was all the way up to the wide lace tops of her hose where the skin of her thigh was visible above the lace tops of the hose. Summer tried to adjust the skirt, but a pick-up truck behind her sounded its horn blaring her into an acceleration down the road.

"Catch up to her Mike. That is Ms. Wayne the senior English teacher who we will have next year. She is hot," shouted Mike's riding companion Terry. 

Mike replied, "Terry, we will have to do it some other time as we have to pick up Jeff and Scott before school."

"Oh man, I wanted a good look at her tits again," whined Terry.

"Maybe we can sneak a peek at her at school sometime today. You know the seniors have been gone most of the week and she has been teaching smaller classes for those that did not qualify for the trip or chose not to go," replied Mike.

Summer approached the school parking lot and quickly found her assigned parking place. As she pressed the button for the automatic top closing of her BMW, she began tugging at her blouse in the hopes that she could give herself some relief from the tight fitting garment. She knew that it would be cold in Mr. Harding's office and with the piercings as well as her heightened erotic feelings; her nipples would be standing at full attention. Summer just did not want to have the principal gawking at her breasts.

Once the car top snapped into place, Summer closed the latches, grabbed her school bag and exited the car. As she walked the short distance to the main entrance, Summer could feel the interior muscle linings of her pussy grabbing and holding the egg that was buried deep in her pussy. She felt the moisture begin to leak around the thin material of her thong and she was hopeful that the meeting with Mr. Harding would be brief.

Summer reached for the door just as Sandra Wilson was exiting the building. Both women ran directly into one another with both smashing their breasts into the other. "God dammit, watch where you are going Wayne," blurted Sandra Wilson.

"I am sorry Ms. Wilson, but I was not expecting someone to be coming out of the school this early in the morning. I hope you are not hurt," Summer meekly replied.

Sandra Wilson was not someone to be taken lightly and someone who could cause trouble for any school system employee. Summer was already uneasy because of her daughter's grade as well as being cornered by her at the McDonalds last week. Summer felt like Melanie knew about her, but was unsure why she felt that way. And Sandra Wilson had already taken her complaint about Summer's grading system to Principal Harding.

"Just watch where you are going Wayne," replied Sandra Wilson in a huff.

Summer tried to catch her breath before heading into the principal's office. That felt funny to say it that way to herself as she did not deem herself to be going to the principal's office for punishment, but she had to watch herself given her state of mind, her servitude to a student and the threatening posture of Sandra Wilson.

Summer could feel the material of her red silk blouse begin to rub her ever hardening nipples. She tried to shield her breasts from Shirley's gaze, who is the school secretary, with her school bag. Summer remembered the session with Shirley where she controlled the secretary for a short time and how that felt to be in control. But, Summer remembered the egg in her pussy and knew that she was the one that was controlled.

"Go right in Summer, Mr. Harding is waiting on you as you are the last of the department heads to arrive," Shirley grinned.

When Summer was buzzed through the gate, she was caught off guard by the fact that she was the last department head to arrive. She had understood that the meeting was at 7:00 AM and it was only 6:55 AM by her watch. As she walked into Principal Harding's office she immediately realized that her wrist watch had stopped and that it was 7:15 AM. The principal, sitting behind his desk did not even look up when Summer came into his office. With the index finger of his left hand, Principal Harding motioned for her to sit. There was a round table with four chairs in the office along with a small couch about the size of a household love seat. Mr. Harding's gesture was towards the love seat and not the table.

As Summer started to sit on the couch, she was suddenly acutely aware that sitting there would make it almost impossible to hide the fact that she was wearing thigh hi hosiery as the tight skirt would ride up in order for her to sit on such a low couch. Summer placed her school bag, containing all of her servitude instruments, on the couch, grabbed the arm with her right hand and lowered herself in her most lady like manner until her ass reached the cushion of the couch. Summer was horrified to find that the end she had chosen was apparently the worst worn end of the couch as her ass settled into a rather deep rut in the cushion. The couch did not appear to be worn, but her placement had made it impossible for her to not give Principal Harding a fairly unobstructed view of the wide lace tops of her black thigh hi's. Noticing that her principal was not paying any attention to her, Summer quickly pulled her school bag onto her lap and she kept her knees pressed tightly together.

Mr. Harding continued to work on the papers in front of him purposefully making the attractive English Department Head wait. He was a bit agitated that she would be 15 minutes late to a meeting with him. He wanted her to know that his time was actually more valuable that hers. So, he thought he would make her wait for the same 15 minutes he had waited for her. However, his strategy started to fall apart when he casually looked at Summer and saw her sitting on the couch with her book bag draped across her lap. He moved his gaze from the bag up to her breasts as he could see her breasts rising and falling with each breath. He swore that he could see her nipples pressed against the shiny silk blouse, but he could not be sure.

As Summer watched Principal Harding gaze first at her lap and then at her breasts, she was first relieved that she had placed the bag in her lap as it provided her with some semblance of propriety. But, in order to keep her knees tightly together to keep her skirt in place, Summer had to sit erect, which forced her breasts to jut out pressing her nipples against the silky, thin material of her red blouse. But, when she saw his eyes focusing on her breasts, Summer was horrified that her body was betraying her. She was turned on by the morning session with her young master and in her position on the couch; Summer felt the muscles of her pussy grasping at the egg to keep it in place. Summer could feel the moisture of her pussy and she was concerned that she would leave a wet spot on the principal's couch. Additionally, the tension of the situation, her tardiness and the relative lack of attention of the principal had made her feel intimidated even more by Principal Harding.

Harding could not make Summer wait any longer as his attention to the papers on his desk was lost. He picked up a folder from his desk and walked the short distance to the round table and placed the folder there. Harding had decided that he wanted to play with his English Department head just a little. He opened the folder and took out two sets of papers. He then looked at Summer and said, "Ms. Wayne, come join me here at the table. We need to spread out the documents so that I can explain the budgeting issues."

Summer was now trapped. To rise from the couch, she was going to need to use her right hand to push her body up while using her left hand to clutch the school bag to keep from exposing the tops of her hose to her principal. She also realized that when she sat beside her principal, her blouse will be opened towards him and there would be no way for her to hide the fact that the top two buttons had been removed even though Todd had cleverly sewn the button holes closed though not professionally of course.

Principal Harding watched intently as Summer rose from the couch. He could see she was struggling with the bag and the arm rest. Harding was able to just briefly get a glimpse at the side of Summer's skirt and he saw the upper portion of her thighs and the lace top of her hose. Harding, like almost all men, had a thing for hose, but not pantyhose. The image of seeing sexy hose on his English Department Head made his cock begin to rise inside his khaki slacks. He had always thought that Summer was sort of a prude, but this morning he was seeing things that made him want to see more of her.

As Summer slid into the chair next to her principal, she felt the egg shift in her pussy and she also felt the inner walls of her pussy involuntarily grasp the egg securely. She was not worried that it would slip out because the thin strip of material of her white thong with black lace would keep it inside her. But, the size of the egg made Summer conscious of the possibility of it slipping out whether it could actually occur or not. Because her mind was otherwise occupied, Summer laid the school bag on the table and leaned forward to begin reviewing the document.

While Summer read the information, Principal Harding leaned back in his chair pretending to do the same. But, he used the papers to hide his building erection as well as to appear to be reading while his eyes roamed the body of the English teacher. Harding could see the outline of her left nipple pressed against the red silk blouse and he was intrigued at its stiffness. He could see Summer's cleavage and he could just make out the white and black lace bra that held each breast in place between her breasts. Harding moved his gaze down Summer's body and he saw that the bottom two buttons of her skirt were undone and even though she was pressing her legs together, he could faintly see the beginning of the lace from the top of her hose. He was wondering why a teacher, especially this teacher, would wear such sexy attire to school.

As Summer read the boring details of the proposed budget, she could feel the eyes of her principal on her. She could feel sweat beginning to form on her upper lip like it did most times when compliant for her young master. Summer's pussy continued to grip and release the egg that was not buried deep in her pussy. She could feel the thin material between her pussy lips getting wetter by the moment.

She acknowledged that she had read the document and that she did not have any questions about the package. Summer further indicated to her principal that what was being proposed, that given the current economic conditions, cuts to funding of some projects was inevitable. Summer then asked, "Is that all you need from me this morning Mr. Harding?"

"Well Ms. Wayne, I am disappointed in your tardiness this morning. It is not like you to be late and keep me waiting. Is there something going on in your life that I should be aware of at this time," Mr. Harding asked.

"Does he know something about what is going on? Does he know about Todd and his friend Bill Fraser," Summer thought to herself.

"No Mr. Harding nothing going on that you should be concerned about. You know my husband, James, is out of the country on business, so I am just a little overwhelmed with all the things I have to do around the house, with my charity work and teaching. But, I am good," Summer replied to her principal with her bright and toothy smile.

The principal leaned in and pointed to the document he had given Summer and asked, "Ms. Wayne, did you pay particular attention to the funding of extracurricular activities that are being slated for reductions?"

"No sir, what did I miss," asked Summer. Then she thought to herself, "I just called him sir like have been instructed by Todd and Bill Fraser. What is wrong with me and why am I responding that way to men?"

Leaning in towards Summer and putting his knee against hers, Mr. Harding went about telling Summer that the funding of the debate team, drama department and the essay competition were all scheduled for drastic reductions in fund allocations. The principal, pressed in closer to point out the numbers on the sheet of paper and as his finger trailed down the page his eyes went directly to the Summer's cleavage heightened by the black bra that he could clear see in its position between her breasts. He looked at the bra and saw that it mostly cupped the breasts rather than covered the English teacher's breast. He tried to look deep into the teacher's blouse, but he did not want to get caught gawking. As he moved his gaze away from the cleavage of his English department head's breasts, the principal glanced down and saw that the pressure of his knee against Summer's knee had effectively caused the hem of her skirt to rise up and he could make out the lace tops of her hose. "Yes," he thought to himself, her students will be very lucky today. I may have to stop in to visit her," Harding thought to himself.

Summer felt the pressure of her principal's knee against hers. Because her right leg was pressed against the arm of the chair, the principal's knee had turned her slightly away from the principal which did two things: It caused her blouse to open slightly or more than she was comfortable with given that two buttons were removed and the slight movement caused her skirt to ride up just a bit and she felt sure he could see that she was wearing hose instead of pantyhose or no hose at all. Summer did not dare look down to see if in fact that was the case, but she felt reasonably sure that if her principal looked he would be able to see her cleavage quite easily and probably would be able to see a good portion of the wide lace top of her hose.

But, the disturbing thing was, Summer realized that she was in fact pressing her knee slightly back against Mr. Harding's knee and she sort of pressed her shoulders back effectively forcing her erect nipples outward ensuring that if her principal looked, he would be able to see them and he just might see the piercings if he looked closely enough.

Summer's thought was right. The principal, before returning to an upright position in his chair, pressed his knee back against Summer's and he did see her erect nipples and thought he saw piercings, but he could not be sure. But, in the current situation, he could not pursue this avenue of intimidation with his sexy English department head any longer. He knew that there was a department head retreat in November just before the Thanksgiving break. He felt like if he played his cards properly, he just might be able to take advantage of his teacher in the right situation.

"Well, I just wanted you to see that the funding for a couple of your favorite programs that paid for outside help was going to come under the budget knife, which will mean you as well as other teachers will have to put in a little more extra time to devote to our students," the principal said.

"You know Mr. Harding; I am always available to help any of our students. I have dedicated my life to teaching, so just let me know what I need to do to help in any way I can," replied Summer.

"Thank you for your dedication Ms. Wayne. I really appreciate and I am sure your students truly appreciate your dedication as do I," smiled the principal.

Continuing he said, "And, I must say that in the past week you have really started dressing quite nicely Ms. Wayne. It does push the limits of our professional dress code, but I find it quite pleasing, but just be mindful of all of the testosterone levels here and how a tight blouse or skirt will affect that."

"Mr. Harding, you are not saying what I have on today is in violation are you," asked Summer.

"Oh no, Ms. Wayne, I think it is a stretch to our guidelines, but for now it is acceptable. I am just saying be cautious of your influence you will have on our students," replied the principal.

"Yes sir I will be careful," replied a rather now nervous Summer.

Then the principal changed the subject, "Ms. Wayne, I am not sure you saw her, but Sandra Wilson was in my office bending my ear again about you and your grading system. She is quite displeased that you are going to be the teacher that prevents her daughter, Melanie, from getting into the state university."

"Mr. Harding, as we talked last week, I do not wish to compromise my grading system that I have used here for senior English for the past 10 years. You have never spoken to me about it before so I am concerned that one parent will have an effect on years of practice," replied Summer

"Ms. Wayne, this is something that we can discuss further as classes are set to begin very soon. But, suffice it to say that neither you nor I can afford to be on Ms. Wilson's bad side. You know that she and her second husband have much sway with the school board. I need you to do what I ask on this one should a significant issue arise. Am I clear on that Ms. Wayne," asked the principal with a very stern face.

"Mr. Harding, I will work with Melanie to make sure she has every opportunity to get the grade she deserves that will hopefully get into the state university. But, I don't think that Ms. Wilson should be able to force me to do whatever she wants," replied Summer.

"Well Ms. Wayne proceed at your own peril is all I can say. I have seen what Sandra Wilson can do if she cannot get her way and I do not think that you are the type of person who would want to risk her wrath. But, let's see how it goes," the principal answered with a direct authoritative voice.

Noticing the tone and stare of her principal, Summer felt the pang of humiliation and submission creeping into her mind. Amazingly, her body reacted to the tone and look of her principal like never before. She had always been straight as an arrow whenever parents and administration for that matter, tried to get her to change or modify the time proven grading system for her senior English classes. But, so that she could indicate her agreement to be careful Summer replied, "Yes Mr. Harding. I will heed your advice and tread lightly with Ms. Wilson. If I get into a situation that I cannot resolve, I will seek your advice and direction."

There it was again with a man. Summer was being subservient to her principal, but she hoped he did not pick up on it. Fortunately, the first bell of the day rang indicating that classes would start in 15 minutes.

"Thank you for coming in this morning Ms. Wayne, even though you were late. Please do not be disrespectful to me and my time in the future," the principal said ending the meeting.

Summer stood to shake the principal's hand, gathered the documents for distribution and to pick up her school bag. Unfortunately, in her haste to get out of the principal's office, Summer knocked the school bag on the floor spilling some of the contents onto the principal's floor. "Oh my God," Summer gasped silently to herself. She looked down and she could see the Tupperware dish containing the cum from last night's glory hole experience, the buckle on her collar and the tube of KY jelly peering out of the bag. 

Summer quickly knelt down and stuffed the items back into her bag without a concern for the fact that the hem of her skirt rode up above the lace tops of her thigh hi's and that her blouse was pulled further open by her quick movement to the floor. Of course, her actions were caught by the principal and he was quite pleased with the view of her thigh hi's and the white with black lace panties directly in his view. He did not see what had spilled out of the bag, but whatever it was sure did make the English teacher jump into action.

Summer quickly pushed the items of her servitude back into her school bag. She could not bring herself to look directly at her principal because she felt certain that he had at least seen the tops of her hose, more of her cleavage than she wanted and probably he got a peek at her panties. But, she could not bear the thought of him seeing the slut collar or KY jelly. She was not concerned that he might see the container that was holding the liquid of 20 or so men from last night. But the thought of the principal seeing a collar with the slut label prominently displayed would be the end of her career for sure.

Thanks for seeing me Mr. Harding and thanks for the advice," Summer smiled said as she hurried out of the door.

The principal watch the way Summer swayed her ass as she walked out of the office. He liked the fact that she was wearing heels, not those stiletto types, but those heels were at least four inches and they made her legs look very nice and muscular. He concentrated on her ass and could easily make out the lines of her thong under the tight black skirt. To himself, "Just as I thought a thong!"

Summer whisked by Shirley, who was intently typing on her computer. Summer did not even acknowledge Shirley's wave or the snicker she let out as Summer's nipples poked out against the tight red silk blouse. Shirley was thinking about all those teenagers looking at Summer walked down the crowded hall and then up to her class room on the second floor.

Summer had to navigate through a maze of mostly young men as they watched her breasts bounce as they faced her and then they watched her ass as she walked away. There were lots of low snickers by the younger boys, but the older boys were studying her every movement. They had all heard how hard of a teacher she was, but none of them had seen her dress the way she was dressed today. The boys from the pick-up truck noticed her right away and followed her down the hallway. As the four boys got closer to Summer, they began to stare intently at her ass as she walked. They could make out the lines of a thong, which none of them thought a teacher would wear, especially not the senior level English teacher.

One of the boys, Terry, rushed up beside Summer and asked could he carry her school bag for her. As he reached to grab the bag from her arms, his hand purposefully brushed against the side of her right breast. He was pleased that her breast was firm and he noticed that it was not restrained by the confines of a padded bra like the girls he had fondled when parking.

Summer pulled the bag closer to her chest, thanked the young man who she did not know and stretched out her left hand to open the stairwell door.

"Here, let me get that for you Ms. Wayne," Terry said as he pushed the door handle down.

Terry used his hand to push the door open inwardly, which required the teacher to rub his arm with hers as she walked into the stairwell. Terry pushed his arm further towards the sexy English teacher before she moved further away and onto the first step. The three other boys joined Terry in the stairwell to watch the teacher climb the stairs. They were all hoping she would drop something so that they might get a view of her ass and maybe her breasts, but they were disappointed as they heard her heels click on the steps as the made her way to the second floor. To a man they all whistled and thought of next year's English class.

Summer finally reached her class room, but she did not have her room key out. She had to prop the school bag on her knee as she reached in to find the set of keys. She was able to finally grab the keys that were of course at the bottom of the bag. Her hand hit the butt plug and she froze hoping that no one was looking over her shoulder as she dug around in the bag. But, she was safe as there was no one around at that moment. Summer inserted the key, unlocked the doorknob, bolt lock and pushed the door open. 

Summer placed the bag on her desk, pulled out her lunch that consisted of a small salad and the container of cum. She was hopeful that her young master did not have any sinister plans for the reminder of her trip to Bill Fraser's bookstore that held the glory hole in which she had sucked so many cocks that she lost count at 20. She placed the salad and cum containers in her small refrigerator. Summer looked at the clock in her room and she saw that she had five minutes before her first period began. She needed a cup of coffee and she hoped that someone had made sure that there was a fresh pot in the teacher's lounge. Summer hurried out of her classroom and with heels clicking on the tile floor, Summer once again had to navigate through a sea of teenagers. She noticed that the boys were overt in their attempts to either bump into her or gaze down her blouse. Summer tried her best to keep her breasts from bouncing, but the structure of her shelf bra only made her breasts press against the thin material of her blouse. Her breasts bounced in rhythm with her steps and Summer felt the material of the blouse rubbing against her always erect nipples because of her current status of stimulation not only due to the egg in her pussy, but also because of the stares she was receiving. Summer noticed that she liked the attention even if it was from teenagers.

Summer made her way into the teacher's lounge and was pleased that there was coffee. She poured herself a large cup of coffee, took the Styrofoam cup along with cream and sugar. Summer turned to head back out of the door when she almost collided with Sandra Wilson. "That is two times in one day Wayne. Watch out so that you don't fuck up and run into some one," shouted Sandra Wilson.


"I am sorry Ms. Wilson," Summer meekly replied.

"Shit, I cannot get away from that woman," Summer mumbled to herself as she walked out of the lounge into the student filled hallway.

"She looks like a slut dressed the way she is," Sandra Wilson said out loud, but no one heard.

With coffee in one hand and her other holding the cream and sugar packets, Summer had to wind her way back down the gauntlet of teenagers. But now they were all in a frenzy to get to their classrooms. Summer had to be quite cautious and mindful of the hot coffee. It would not be too good for one of these young missiles running down the hallway to make her take a hot coffee bath right there in the hallway. Unfortunately, Summer could not do anything about the way her breasts bounced or the fact that her erect nipples were on full display as they pressed against the thin material of her blouse. This trip gave the attentive boys a better and longer view of her breasts and each noticed the erectness of her nipples. Summer saw lots of smiles from the boys and looks of distain from several girls.

With her hands filled, Summer had a problem opening the door of her classroom. She had not choice but to place the coffee cup on the floor next to the door frame and grip the door knob to open it. But, before she could open her door, Sandra Wilson's daughter Melanie Hart came busting through her door. Apparently, she had been in Summer's classroom and had headed out of the room just as Summer was coming into the classroom.

Melanie spoke to her teacher, "Oh, excuse me Ms. Wayne. I did not mean to startle you, but I was brining in one of the extra credit assignments you gave to me." 

Melanie saw that Summer had placed a cup of coffee on the floor because she would have been unable to open the door with coffee in her hand. "Go ahead and pick up your coffee cup Ms. Wayne as I will hold the door for you," said the student.

Summer was perplexed because she did not want to appear to be rude to Melanie and refuse her politeness, but she also did not want to be bending down to pick-up the coffee cup under the gaze of her student, especially the daughter of Sandra Wilson. But, the class period was set to begin and she had no other choice. Summer bent down as lady like as possible, but she could feel her blouse open wider and she knew that her skirt was riding up her legs.

Melanie saw the blouse of her English teacher open wide and then she saw that Ms. Wayne was wearing thigh hi hosiery. Melanie remembered the scene in the girl's bathroom earlier where she had filmed Ms. Wayne nude except for her hose and heels as her body was wracked in orgasm. Too bad she did not have time to play with Ms. Wayne further as she had to get to her class.

As Summer rose from the floor, her face was flush in embarrassment and she was very glad that the material of her thong had pressed deeper into her pussy preventing a possibly embarrassing situation where her egg might have slipped out of her sopping wet pussy.

"Thank you Melanie for your kindness," said Summer.

Melanie replied, "No thank you Ms. Wayne as I loved seeing your sexy hose that you wore today."

"Uh, thank you Melanie. I will look at your paper and give it back to you at your class period today," Summer said to her student as she pushed past her into the classroom.

Thankfully, Summer's first three classes consisted of those senior students that either did not qualify for the trip to Washington or had for certain reasons not been able to go. They were not interested in any lesson plan that she may have so her teaching would consist of the students reading the first three chapters of "To Kill A Mockingbird" with a short assignment to write a one page essay on the development of the plot to the story.

As she set her coffee cup on her desk, Summer noticed an envelope that had been placed inside of her school bag with just the edge of the envelope appearing. Summer wondered who may have put the envelope in her bag, but then remembered Melanie hurrying out of her room. Summer just figured that she had put her paper in the envelope and had slipped it inside her bag for Summer's review at a later point. Then, Summer was stricken with fear that Melanie may have taken a peek inside her bag and found the slut items that she had been required to bring to school today.

The first period bell rang and Summer's seven students walked into her classroom with the slow walk of the condemned. Summer smiled at their pace of entry and allowed herself to relax knowing that her day had started without an infringement from her young Master. Summer watched the students take their assigned seats around the room with none of the seven (six boys and one girl) sitting in the front row of desks. Summer handed out the novel to each student and set the timer for 50 minutes.

Summer sat back down at her desk and tore open the first sugar packet when she felt the familiar buzz on her phone. It was against school policy for students to open and utilize their phones during class times, but there was no specific requirement that teachers do the same. Summer slipped her iphone out of her school bag along with the envelope that Melanie Hart had slipped in earlier.

Sure enough, her day was going to be interrupted by her young master as there was a text from him and then Summer remembered that somehow Todd had been able to set up a mini camera in her classroom through which he had been able to monitor her whenever he so chose to do so. Summer clicked on the message icon of her phone and found the message from her young master:

"Slut, before you drink your coffee, you need to put the appropriate amount of cream into your cup. Go to your refrigerator and retrieve the container that holds the contents of your glory hole experience last night. Using your fingers only, apply a gracious portion of the cum to your coffee and finish the entire cup before your first period class concludes. And, slut, I will be watching you from my ipad. Master"

Summer could not believe that she would have to drink the disgusting mixture of cum. She thought that at some point she would be made to smear the mixture on her body or something similar, but not to be forced to drink the cum. Summer just could not bring herself to do it. So, she finished preparing her coffee with the second packet of sugar as well as two coffee mate creamers. Summer began to sip her coffee knowing full well that Todd was watching, but she steeled herself against giving in to such a disgusting directive.

It was about 15 minutes before the end of the class period when her phone buzzed again. It was another text message from Todd, but this time with an attachment and these words:

"Slut, you give me no choice but expose you for the slut you are. This picture of you fucking your ass at school will be sent to your husband as well as Principal Harding. Good luck for the rest of your life slut." MASTER

The picture showed a view of Summer in the school restroom with her legs spread wide, her hand forcing the pink butt plug into her ass and clearly showing her face in orgasmic bliss. It was now decision time for Summer and she knew it. If she wanted her submission to her young master to stop, she would just allow the picture to be sent to her husband and principal. Her marriage and her career would be ruined, but she could stop the degradation. Then Summer realized that she could not allow such things to occur, "What would my children think? How would James feel? How could I allow the school system to find out? I could be prosecuted," Summer thought to herself.

Summer began typing in the reply section of her iPhone and said:

"Master T, I am sorry for not adhering to your instruction with respect to the container of cum. But, it is a disgusting thing you ask me to do and in front of these students did not seem to be appropriate. Please do ask me to do that."

Fortunately for Summer, Todd was awaiting her reply. He knew that she could not risk getting discovered. She had too much to lose and he could be patient with her. Things were going too well and the plans he had for her this weekend would fully bind her to servitude to him until such time as he grew tired of his slut English teacher.

"Last chance slut. I am NOT asking. Take the container, pour one half of the contents into your cup and drink it NOW." Your Master

Summer realizing she had no choice replied, "Yes, Master T."

Summer rose from her desk and walked across the room to her small refrigerator. She felt the eyes of the seven students on her as she had to bend over just a bit to reach inside the small refrigerator to withdraw the container of cum. She walked back to her desk knowing that seven sets of eyes were still on her and a chill went through her body as she remembered what she had on, which gave those paying attention to her a excellent view of her nipples bouncing as she walked. Fortunately, her lectern was situated in front of her desk and she was able to sit down without further exposure.

As Summer opened the container, the familiar smell of semen saturated her nostrils. The smell was pungent and Summer worried that the smell would filter through-out the classroom. She took the container and held it over the cup. And as instructed, Summer used her index finger to slide globs of cum into her cup. The cum settled into the hot coffee but there was an expanse of cum that stayed on the surface of the coffee as well as down the side of the cup. Summer put the lid back on the container and took one of her large magic markers and used it to stir the contents of the cup.

Slowly, with seven pairs of eyes watching her, Summer brought the cup of cum to her lips. She closed her eyes and began drinking the contents of the cup knowing that the cum of many strangers was slowly sliding down her throat. Summer had to control the gag factor because of the degrading act and the taste of the coffee. But, now she could not afford to bring attention to herself with the seven students if she were to throw up sitting right there at her desk.

As the last bit of cum coffee slide down her throat, Summer tried to not look directly at her students. She felt sure that they had stopped reading to watch her drink whatever it was she was drinking. When she looked up, sure enough seven sets of eyes were watching. She could only offer, "This is some weight loss liquid that my husband wanted me to try, not very tasty so I hope it works."

Summer tried to smile, but it was quite an effort. Fortunately, the bell rang and the students casually walked out of the room. Summer knew her explanation was pretty lame, but it was the best she could do. The remainder of the morning went uninterrupted. Summer swore she could taste the cum all morning, but it was probably just her imagination.

At lunch, she sat at her desk and opened her lunch box that contained her salad of mixed greens. She looked in her bag and could not find one of her salad dressing packets that usually accompanied her choice of lunch. Then as if on cue, her phone buzzed and it was a text from her young master:

"Slut, your salad dressing is in your refrigerator. Take your salad and your cum container to the teacher's lounge. There you can eat your lunch. Use the remaining contents from your glory hole conquests. Make sure that you use your fingers to extricate the cum from the container onto your salad once you have entered the teacher's lounge. You may only stand to eat." Master T

"Oh God," Summer said to herself as she walked to her refrigerator. She grabbed each of the containers, picked up the keys to her classroom and locked the door as she headed to the lounge.

When Summer arrived in the lounge she was disappointed to find that there were multiple teachers in the lounge. They were all busy eating and talking about their mornings. Summer made her way to the table in the back of the lounge near the full length window. The blinds were open so she got a view of the outside of the school in the bright sunshine of the late September day. Summer open the container for her salad and then, with her back to the room, she slipped the cover off of the glory hole cum container and slowly turned it over hoping that the contents would slide out easily. Summer knew that she could not risk that her young master might find out somehow that she did not do as instructed. She found herself adhering to the instructions oblivious to the fact that with her back to the room, the sun shined through her black skirt giving anyone looking a sheer view of her legs. It was easy to tell that she was wearing thigh HI's because the hose made indentations on her upper thighs ever so slightly and the light coming in through the window highlighted that fact.

The four men in the room paid rapped attention to the English teacher noting to themselves that they had never seen Summer dressed the way she was. They watched as she bent over slightly as she poured her dressing onto her salad. They could see the faint outline of her thong as well as the outline of the tops of her hose through her skirt.

Summer watched as the cold glob of cum fell into her bowl of salad. She took her finger as instructed and attempted to coax the sticky salad dressing out of the container. Summer felt a fit of nausea swell up in her belly. She had to choke back the feeling because she knew that she was being watched by those in the room and she was not sure that she was or was not being watched by her young master. Based on the most recent text from her master, she could not chance irritating him further.

Thinking that if she stirred the contents rapidly, the taste of the cum as well as the thought of being made to eat it as her dressing would be reduced. As she brought the first forkful of leafy material to her mouth, Summer could smell the indisputable fragrance of semen. She quickly slid the fork into her mouth and choked down the portion. As soon as she finished the first mouthful, the fork placed another portion into her mouth. Before she knew it, Summer had completed her lunch and she quickly went to the sink in the lounge and vigorously scrubbed both containers hoping to eliminate any evidence of her degradation.

As she was washing her containers, the men in the room were able to make out the lines of her tiny thong and were pleased that such a sexy woman, teacher would wear erotic lingerie to school. Summer could feel their eyes on her and without her thinking it, her body took over and she absent mindedly bent over at the waist slightly drawing her already tight skirt even tighter across her ass. She smiled to herself at the sheer idea that she would be bad in the teacher's lounge, but she thought, "What the fuck!"

Summer dried her containers and turned to head out the door. She was met with the gaze of Sandra Wilson, who had come into the lounge for a cup of coffee. She looked at Summer and snarled, "Wayne everywhere I go I run into you. It's no wonder that questions have been raised about your teaching and grading models!"

Feisty and a bit irritated, Summer fired back, "This is not the time nor the place for such discussions Ms. Wilson. Should you like to discuss these matters with me privately, please give me a call or send me an email. I am sure that we can work out a suitable time that meets both of our schedules."

Summer then exited the room to the smiles as well as heads bobbing up and down in agreement with Summer. Sandra Wilson had been a thorn in most of their lives ever since her daughter Melanie entered high school and since Sandra had married her rich second husband. But no one wanted to cross her at this time when the economics of the school board were being questioned by a group led by her. So, that is why everyone's reaction was silent as well as hidden from Sandra's sharp hazel eyes.

Summer could hear her heels as she clicked her way back to her classroom. On the way, she needed to go to the restroom. She found her way into the same stall in which she had performed at the direction of her young master with her pink butt plug. She had laid her food containers on the sink counter and locked the stall. She slide her skirt up and her thong down as she sat on the seat. As she relieved herself, she suddenly had the horror of the egg escaping from her very moist pussy.

Summer completed her bathroom needs and easily forced the egg back deep inside her pussy. She was surprised at how strong her pussy muscles grabbed the egg and held it firmly in place. Summer checked her make-up and hair before exiting the bathroom. About that time, she was confronted by Sandra Wilson. In the course of a five minute tirade, Sandra had Summer almost cowering from fear and intimidation from the statuesque red head. The hazel eyes encased in striking eye shadow made them appear to be piercing Summer with each word uttered from the ruby red lips of her new tormentor.

Sandra ended her confrontation with the English teacher by saying in a condescending manner, "Ms. Wayne don't you ever treat me or talk to me like you did in the teacher's lounge in front of people ever again. Or, you will live to regret it bitch!"

Summer was stunned. She did expect to be accosted by Sandra Wilson in such a public setting. Fortunately, there were no students in the restroom. Summer paused for several minutes to compose herself. Her meditation was interrupted by giggling girls coming into the restroom and looking at Summer curiously more from the fact that a teacher was there rather than the look of utter concern from the verbal bashing at the hands of Sandra Wilson.

Shakily, Summer reached her door and fumbled with the bolt lock key. She was able to slip into the room without further interruption. Fortunately, because the seniors were out of town, she had a free period, which she could utilize for grading papers or organizing her day because it was in effect an extra planning session for all of the senior teachers.

Summer sat at her desk after putting away her lunch containers. The verbal assault by Sandra Wilson combined with her lunch, had Summer's stomach on a roller coaster ride. She finally went to her refrigerator and took out one of her coke zero drinks hoping that that would calm her stomach.

As she drank her beverage, Summer checked the school email system for updates on the budget process and a hope that the staff meeting had been cancelled. Unfortunately, the meeting had not been cancelled. There was an email indicating that all staff members were required to attend with no exceptions and that they should plan on a one hour duration beginning promptly at 3:30 PM. This meant that Summer had to somehow change her required tanning session for after the meeting.

Summer pulled out her iPhone and dialed the tanning salon number. Summer's stomach turned some more when Sandy answered the phone. Summer explained her situation and asked if there were any appointments. Sandy placed Summer on hold on purpose for approximately five minutes as she knew that Summer was at her mercy. Sandy picked the phone back from its cradle and said to Summer, "We have a 6:30 appointment available. Will that work slut?"

"Yes Sandy that will work. Please change my time and I will see you at about 6:15 PM," Summer responded.

"Unfortunately for you slut, I will not be here to play with you. But, I am sure that whoever is here will be most helpful in slipping on your tanning thong as well as applying your piercing coverings," replied Sandy.

Summer was relieved to find out that Sandy would not be there. She did not think she could stand to be assaulted by her again with her strap-on cock. Summer felt like she would have a relaxing time at the tanning salon. About that time Summer's iPhone buzzed indicating a message had been received from her young master. Summer clicked on the message icon to find:

"Slut, go to your slut email. I have sent you instructions for tonight." Master T

"Goddammit, my day was going reasonably well and now I have instructions from Todd," Summer said out loud.

Before opening her "private email" Summer walked across the room and locked the door to her classroom. She did not want any interruptions while she read whatever message her young master had sent.

Summer logged into her private email account and noticed that there was only one email and it was from her Master T. It read:

Slut, I hope you are enjoying your day and that your special lunch went over very well. How does all that cum feel in your stomach slut? Anyway, here are your instructions for tonight: You are to be in your classroom at 8:00 PM sharp. You are to leave your key to the door on the door frame outside of your classroom as it is appropriate for you to lock your door. You will be on your hands and knees on top of your desk with only your heels and thigh hi hose on. You will have already inserted your pink butt plug into that sexy ass of yours, while the egg remains inside your cunt. You will have your slut collar on as well as your special blindfold. You will attach your leash to your collar and let it dangle over the end of your desk. You will remain in this position until I tell you to move. DO NOT DISAPPOINT ME AGAIN SLUT!" Master T

Summer read the email over several times and then finally sent the only reply she could:

"Yes Master, your slut."

Summer went about her day as normally as she could. Her mind and body were riding highs and lows. The egg kept her pussy wet, while her mind thinking of the things she would be forced to do this evening kept her on edge. She noticed that her nipples were hard all day, more so than just because of her piercings.

When the final bell rang signifying that the classes were over and the students were free to leave, Summer quickly gathered up the documents for the meeting. She had dispersed the copies to her co-workers as the department head. There had been only grumbling with little questioning the pending budget cuts.

Summer sat in a seat near the back of the small auditorium that used to be the main theater, but a special sales tax a couple of years ago had designated funds for the school for the construction of a grander auditorium which was attached to the new cafeteria that could be opened up to accommodate large meetings or occasions. And, she remembered next Friday night the homecoming dance would be held there, which Summer had agreed to serve as a chaperone months ago before her husband James had had to take a business trip to Asia and would not be back until the first weekend in November.

As Summer settled into the chair and slid under the table, she felt the egg being tightly grasped by the inner walls of her pussy. She knew that the thin strip of material between the lips of her pussy was completely soaked from the egg's stimulation all day. Summer crossed her legs under the table without realizing that the hem line of her skirt already raised up as she sat down was pulled further up her nylon encased legs. The male teachers on either side of her both noticed and each slid their chairs back from the table slightly to give themselves a better view of the English teacher's legs.

Summer was lost in her thoughts of depravity and the potential risk of discovery when she was awakened from her thoughts by Principal Harding indicating that the meeting was over, but that he wanted to continue the meeting with each of the five department heads in his office immediately.

Summer was somewhat annoyed by the fact that she had to continue on with a boring meeting and subject matter. But, she did not have any plans until her 6:30 PM tanning session so she did not really mind going to the next meeting. The principal's office was full of department heads and when Summer arrived she found that the four chairs at the small conference table were full and the only seat available was on the small couch sitting beside Charlie Hall who was the athletic director.

Summer gulped as she realized that sitting on the couch would almost certainly cause her skirt to rise up to her hose tops and Charlie had always been the touchy feely kind of man that put her off. She liked Charlie, his program was run efficiently, but he was a pussy hound she had heard and she had always tried to steer clear of him.

The other department heads paid little attention to Summer as she sat down on the couch, but Charlie paid direct attention to Summer's skirt and the opening of her blouse. Summer could only use her hands to give her some modesty in the situation so she chose to try and keep the hem of her skirt pulled down. But, with her arms extended down to her lap, it forced her breasts together which allowed Charlie a great view of her cleavage.

About that time, Principal Harding entered his office to find all of his department heads already there: Mike Kelly for Math, Susan Downing for Social Studies, Frank Wilson for Science, Kate Higgins for Music, Charlie Hall the athletic director and Summer Wayne for English looking as sexy as she was this morning.

It took all of his efforts, but the principal was able to continue the budget presentation while casually looking at the couch where Summer sat, knees pressed together, hands in her lap like a proper lady and her breast pushing the limits of the red silk blouse. Just for his pleasure, he gave instructions to Summer, "Ms. Wayne, distribute these packets of information to the group. It would be very helpful."

Summer was trapped now as she had to rise up from the low sitting couch under the gaze of both the principal as well as the other department heads if they were paying attention. Charlie Hall and Principal Harding were in fact paying strict attention as Summer rose from the couch. Both men saw the tops of her hose and Mr. Harding was greeted with a clear view of her panties as she had to spread her knees to give herself momentum to rise from the couch.

Summer approached the principal's desk and Harding purposefully leaned back in his chair to force Summer to reach further across his desk to reach the materials. Of course everyone in the room got a pretty good view of Summer's ass and each person could make out the lines of her tiny thong. Charlie Hall got the best view as he could see the tops of her hose with just a little hint of thigh above the tops of the hose.

Summer took the packets from the principal's hands and then distributed one to each of the five other department heads. Summer chose to stand for the remainder of the meeting not wanting to show off her legs or breasts to the group. She hated the way her principal had ordered her to distribute the packets, but she had responded like she had been programmed to serve at a man's direction. Summer was lost in her submissive thoughts when Principal Harding ended the meeting.

Summer quickly exited the principal's office and headed back to her classroom. She could hear her black heels making the clicking sound as it echoed down the hallway. Safely tucked into her classroom after closing her door, Summer opened her private email, slut email as her young master had called it, and re-read her instructions. It was now 5:00 PM and she had a little over an hour before she had to be at the tanning salon. The drive would take 30-minutes, so Summer had about 45-minutes to go over the papers that she had been grading for some time.

Summer then found the note. A chill went over Summer's entire body. Someone had left instructions for Summer to go to the women's locker room at 4:45 PM sharp, using the combination of 36-24-34 to open locker 447. It now just past 5:00 PM. Summer knew that she could not afford to piss Master T off today given the multiple times today that she did not follow his exact instructions. She was still reeling from the meeting in the principal's office and her multiple encounters Sandra Wilson.

Summer gathered up her school bag that contained all of her slut gear as well as her lunch bag, tanning thong and the papers that the students had turned in the previous week. Summer walked, half running down the back stairs to the exterior corridor that led to the gym. As she walked, Summer felt her breasts moving in rhythm with her strides limited by the tightness of her skirt and the four inch strap heels she was wearing.

Summer reached for the door to the gym when Melanie Hart burst through hitting Summer very hard, which caused her to lose her grip on her school bag. Summer gasped in shocked as she watched her pink butt plug, KY Jelly and white rhinestone slut collar spill out of the bag. Summer quickly squatted down and jammed the items back into her bag hoping against hope that her student did not see her slut items.

Melanie Hart watched her English teacher scramble to pick up the items from her bag. She loved the way Summer's ass looked as she squatted down and she could make out the outline of the tops of her thigh hi hosiery peeking out from the hem of her black skirt. Melanie also got a good view of the lines to her teacher's thong and she loved the fact that her teacher worse such sexy lingerie. Melanie thought back to the session in the girl's bathroom filming the teacher with her iPhone as she had the orgasm while fucking her ass with the pink butt plug. Melanie wondered if Summer had the plug inserted in her ass now.

As Summer stood up, she felt Melanie's eyes on her and she noticed a bit of smirk on her face. Melanie quickly said, "Gee Ms. Wayne why are you here so late on a Thursday?"

Summer quickly replied, "Principal Harding kept us late today for a meeting on the pending budget cuts."

Melanie retorted, "Why are you down here in the gym? Isn't it time for all of you teachers to be getting out of school and home?

"I was just heading down to the gym to take a look at what decorations will be made for the homecoming dance next week," Summer replied hoping that Melanie would take the innocent excuse and head on to wherever she was going.

"Well I just finished with my cheerleading practice. Too bad you came so late, or you could have watched us practice. Maybe one day you can. Were you a cheerleader when you were in high school Ms. Wayne," asked Melanie

"Yes I was Melanie for all four years of high school and like you I was the captain my senior year," replied Summer.

Summer continuing, "Ok Melanie, I got to get in the gym and look things over. See you tomorrow."

With that Summer pushed through the door and headed down the hallway. Summer was not sure where the girl's locker room was so she wandered up and down corridors until she found it. As she opened the door, she asked, "Anyone in here?"

Summer did not get a reply and she paused listening to see if anyone was showering or to hear anyone finishing in the toilets. When she heard nothing, she walked deeper into the locker room until she found the lockers. There were several sections of lockers that made u-shaped areas with a bench in each area. Summer finally found locker 447 near the back of the locker room near to the entrance to the bathroom area, which led to the shower.

Unbeknownst to Summer, at that time Melanie, was texting her master, "Master Todd, I have done as instructed. Your package is in locker 447 and Ms. Wayne went into the locker room at 5:00 PM and not 4:45 PM as you said. She told me she was in a meeting with Principal Harding. Anything else? Melanie wondered why she had been ordered to put her last year's cheerleading uniform in the bag. It was the one with the short pleated skirt and the button vest that she wore over the spandex top that completed the uniform for the fall or the turtleneck for the colder games. But, she had not been ordered to put either of those tops or the black uniform undies in the bag.

Not getting an immediate response from her young Master, Melanie strolled out into the parking lot, pressed the access button on her key remote and opened the door to her new BMW and drove out of the parking lot not knowing why she had placed a package in the locker and why Ms. Wayne was there to pick it up. But, she was not one to question the motives or the reasons of her Master Todd, just do as he directed.

Summer took her school bag and pocket book and placed them on the wooden bench in front of the locker. She took the combination lock in her trembling hands and quickly turned the knob in the order given to her in the note. It took Summer two times to get the right combination entered and then the lock released. Summer quickly took the lock out of the handle and opened the locker.

Summer saw a large brown paper bag in the locker with nothing else located in the locker. Summer pulled the bag out of the locker and she sat down on the wooden bench. With her hands still trembling and with her ears straining for any sounds in the locker room, Summer opened the paper bag. Inside she found a note that simply said:

"You will receive a text in five minutes."

Summer then removed the contents of the bag and to her horror it was a cheerleading uniform for the school's cadre of young members. She found the pleated skirt as well as the button up vest and nothing else. There was no signature on the note and there were no other instructions for Summer to follow.

Summer continued to sit on the wooden bench surrounded by girl's lockers, the sounds of dripping showers and the far off bouncing of basketballs. She did not know what was in store for her now, but she knew that it was a form of punishment for her not complying with the requirements of her young Master this morning.

Summer could feel the wetness between her pussy lips from the constant stimulation of the black vibrating egg. She was quite thankful that the remote had not made the egg jump to life, but the egg just being in her pussy kept her wet and turned on all day. Then she had to endure the meetings with Principal Harding and the other department heads, which added further frustration to her day as she felt more uncomfortable the longer she was under the gaze of the principal as well as the other teachers, especially those of Charlie Hall the athletic director.

Summer thought back to her cup of coffee and her lunch that were both spiked with the remnants from her glory hole visit last night. The mere thought of having been forced to eat all of that spunk today almost made her vomit while sitting there in the girl's locker room. But, the sudden buzz of her phone gave her pause and interrupted her potential vomiting.

"Slut, 

Because of your non-compliance with my specific instructions as to what you are required to wear at home whenever you are home and for not following my specific instructions for the insertion of the egg before leaving for school today, you are going to be punished. But, the choice of punishment will be in this instance humiliation for not doing as instructed. Your physical punishment will occur tonight in your classroom.

Strip off your work clothes and your hose. You are to leave your shelf bra and thong panties on. After you have taken your hose off, you will put your black heels on making sure to tightly close the strap around your ankles. You are to keep your vibrating egg in your cunt and it should be there when I meet you in your classroom tonight. Once you have accomplished this feat, then you are to slip on the cheerleader uniform, walk into the bathroom area, take a picture of you in the uniform and then text it to me. You have five minutes to comply."Master T

The phone went blank and no other communication came through on her phone. Summer knew better than to complain or attempt to secure compassion from her young master. Summer knew that she would have punishment to pay for her lack of adhering to the specific demands of her young master, but she knew that she had not been ready to allow her husband to see her dressed in the slut uniform required by Master T.

Without hesitation, Summer stripped her blouse off and slid the black skirt down to the floor. Summer placed first her right foot and then her left to unclasp each ankle strap so that she could slide the black thigh hi hose down each leg. Once she had the hose off, Summer placed each foot back into the appropriate heel and firmly clasped the strap around each ankle making sure that the egg did not slip out of her sopping wet pussy. Of course the thin material of the crotch of her thong was also quite wet, but it helped to keep the egg secure inside her pussy.

Summer then slipped on the cheerleader skirt noticing that it had an elastic waist band which made it easier for her to put on without the problem of a zipper. The skirt was very snug and barely covered the bottom of her ass cheeks. Summer slipped her arms into the uniform vest, which was a stretchy red material for the school color. Summer began buttoning the vest, but found it impossible to button the top two buttons on the vest as it was a full size too small for her.

Summer pulled her iPhone out of her purse and headed toward the inner bathroom area of the locker room. She could hear the sound of her heels echoing through-out the locker room as she made her way into the bathroom where she found mirrors on the wall over the five lavatories.

Summer stood in front of the middle of the mirrors, raised the iPhone and took the picture that she was required to by her young master. She checked the quality of the photo and saw that it pictured an older woman dressed wantonly in a high school cheerleader uniform with her breasts spilling out over the top of the unbuttoned vest.

Summer posted the picture on her text line and then sent it with:

"Master T, here is the picture you told me to take for you."

Summer glanced at her watch and saw that it was fast approaching 5:30 PM and she only had 45 minutes to make it to the tanning salon to meet the daily requirement that her young master had for a thin tan line.

Her phone soon buzzed and she was rewarded with a "good slut" greeting followed by:

"Ok slut, now put your skirt, blouse and school bag in locker 447 then lock it. You may take your purse, which should contain your pink butt plug, tanning thong, black thigh hi's and your leash. Put your slut collar on now. Then you may leave to make your 6:30 PM tanning salon appointment. Remember I know everything that you are doing and I know that you had changed your appointment. Make sure that you follow the instructions of the tanning salon employee that is standing in for Sandy tonight. I will see you at 8:00 PM tonight." Master T

Summer could not believe that she was being made to wear the cheerleader uniform out in public. She had to make her way back through the corridors of the gym, through the exterior doors, down the path that led to the parking lot and then almost all the way across the parking lot to get to her car.

As required, resigning herself to her new life, Summer placed the school bag into locker 447. She folded her skirt and blouse neatly before placing them on top of the school bag. Summer had removed the pink butt bug from the school bag as well as her white rhinestone slut collar, which she placed inside her purse along with her black thigh hi's. Summer inserted the combination lock in the locker handle and slammed it upwards to lock it.

Summer placed the collar around her neck and fastened it in front so that at least the "Slut" label would not be readable. Summer bent over to pick up her purse when her ears picked up the sound of the front door to the locker room opened. Summer froze as she heard footsteps of several people coming into the locker room. She could tell that it was young girls and they giggled as they walked towards the back of the locker room.

Summer pressed back against the row of lockers at the base of the U formation. Summer's breathing became quicker and she felt moisture forming on her forehead and under her arms. She became aware of the potential risk of discovery by a group of students that would add to her further humiliation and degradation because of what she was wearing at the demand of her young master.


The girls continued to walk past the area where Summer was as they headed into the bathroom area. Summer took the opportunity to sneak out of the locker room. She wanted to take the ankle strapped heels off to limit the amount of noise she would make on the tile floor. Summer stood on her tip toes as she made her way to the front of the locker room pressing her body against the lockers to hopefully steal away unnoticed.

As she reached the door, Summer heard a squeal behind her and a voice that said, "Guys, who is that in the cheerleader outfit?"

Summer tried not to freeze for risk of discovery and as she pulled on the locker room door she saw the flash brighten the room, but thankfully, her back was to the flash. Summer exited the locker room and headed down the long corridor that led to the side entrance to the gym that led outside to the parking lot. Summer could feel her heart beating in her chest as she made her way to the door. She heard girl's voices as they sounded like they were following her up the corridor.

Summer opened the door and made a mad dash to her car. Her convertible BMW was parked on the other side of the empty lot almost a football field away. She was running as best she could in her heels with the pleated cheerleader skirt flopping with each step and revealing her ass. As Summer reached her car, she had to fumble in her purse to find her key. As she did this, the purse slipped from her hand and landed on the asphalt paved lot. She stooped over and quickly retrieved her purse, but in the swift motion, the hem of the skirt had raised above her ass cheeks and the boys in the pick-up truck got a direct view of the sexy English teacher's ass.

Summer's only saving grace for the day was that Sandy would not be at the salon today so she knew she would not have to suffer another strap-on sex session so she had to get through the meeting with Melanie so that she could be on her way to get to the tanning salon by 6:15 PM because it was a 30-minute drive there.

Summer's mind was lazily going over the events of the day when tires squealing brought her to swift attention as a car three vehicles up had slammed on brakes to make a quick left turn and the following cars all had to slam on their brakes to avoid the dreaded rear end collision. Summer was fortunate that her ABS system saved her from launching an attack on the rear of the Buick in front of her. However, the contents of her purse spilled out on the floor as the force of the car stopping caused her purse to fly off of the seat and all of the erotic contents were there for anyone to see. Summer tried to lean over and pick up the items, but the traffic started to flow again and she had to leave the items of her servitude displayed on the floorboard of her car.

Summer was racing against the clock now as it was fast approaching 6:15 PM, which was when she had to arrive at the salon to check in with the front desk and to get the nipple covers from the clerk prior to her tanning treatment. As Summer finally arrived at the salon, right at 6:15 PM, she noticed that the parking lot was full of cars something that had not occurred before. Summer parked her car in the only available space, tried to reach down onto the floorboard to retrieve the items that had spilled from her purse, but she was unable to reach all of them.

Summer got out of the car and walked around to the passenger side door. As she opened the door, she heard voices of women coming out of the salon. Summer thought she recognized the voice of Lisa her friend, but who had turned into her tormentor after the night at the bar and then again this past Sunday in her back yard. Summer kneeled down hoping to avoid an embarrassing encounter with Lisa. Fortunately, it appeared that Lisa had gotten into her car and had backed out of the lot. 

Summer stood up to make sure the coast was clear and then bent over to collect the items that had spilled out of her purse. Summer realized that in this position, her ass was completely uncovered by the short hem of the cheerleader outfit. But, she had no choice but to collect the items, stuff them back into her purse and then head into the salon.

As Summer stepped from her vehicle and headed to the front door of the salon dressed like a slutty cheerleader she heard, "My God Summer, what are you trying to be," from her friend Lisa. Continuing, "I thought that was your car, I did not see you initially. Why are you dressed like that?"

Summer almost peed on herself. She had hoped to not be accosted by her friend and tormentor, but Lisa must have been sitting in her car making a phone call. As Summer turned on her four inch black ankle strap heels, she saw that Lisa was indeed in her car peering over the top of the windshield of her convertible. Summer tried to keep her composure and answered, "Hi Lisa, sorry I cannot talk, but I am late for my appointment."

Summer waved and almost made it to the door to the salon when she heard Lisa's voice, "Slut, get over here to my car and let me look at you."

Summer paused and gave the indication that she did not hear her new tormentor, but then she heard Lisa shout, "Slut, I said get over here now."

Summer was perplexed as she did not want to have Lisa shout again and attract any more attention than she already had. On the other hand, she did not want to delay getting into the salon because she had a short window for tanning and then she had to make sure she was back in her classroom by 8:00 PM or she knew that there would be hell to pay to her young master as he would not understand or care that she was detained because of a friend.

Slowly, defeated, Summer turned and walked towards her friend's car. Lisa motioned for her to go to the passenger side of the car and said, "Get in slut, I want to get a better view of what you are wearing." Lisa's tone did not leave any wiggle room for Summer and she walked to the passenger side of the car.

When Summer got to the door Lisa said, "Turn around slut and let me see you from behind." Summer did not hesitate and did as Lisa directed. "Now, put your hands on the car there in front of you and push your ass out towards me," Lisa continued.

Mortified that someone might come out of the salon, Summer quickly bent at the waist and pressed her hands against the car's window. "Wow, that really is a short skirt slut, but I love the way your thong is sucked up into that wet cunt of yours." Lisa continued, "So slut tell me why you are dressed that way."

Summer had to think quickly as it was 6:15 PM and she had to get inside. Summer quickly said, "Lisa, I have to get inside as I have an appointment. I wore this directly from a play that we were rehearsing at school and I had taken off my jeans before I got in the car to come here."

"What did you call me slut? I thought you had learned your lesson on Sunday afternoon as I was making you fuck your cunt with the bottle of Corona," Lisa asked.

Summer quickly responded, "Yes Mistress I am so sorry."

"Bend over further slut as I want to see that wet pussy of yours. Wow, what is that coming out of your pussy slut? Is it your vibrating egg? Turn around slut and show me your tits right now," Lisa ordered.

Summer had no choice but to turn around and bent over slightly to allow her breasts to spill out of the cheerleader top. Lisa could see Summer's cleavage and the bra that held her breasts filling the undersized cheerleading top. "Well, slut that is an interesting wardrobe for a teacher. I have to run, but I will give you a call tonight to set up some plans for this weekend."

With that, Lisa put her car in gear and backed out of the parking space leaving Summer bent over at the waist with her breasts still on display for her longtime friend and current tormentor. Summer could hear Lisa laughing over the hum of her engine as she gave a quick fling of her hand.

Summer could feel the material of her thong pull tighter between her ass cheeks. The tiny material of the crotch of her own thong was getting quite moist Summer noticed. Summer noticed that the egg was trying to slip out of her pussy, so she quickly squeezed her legs together and urged the walls of her pussy to grip the egg tighter. She quickly turned and headed into the tanning.

Summer walked up to the counter and noticed that there was a new, older attendant behind it. Summer told the attendant that she was there for her 6:30 appointment. "Oh yes, I see that right here. You appointment was made by Master T," commented the lady who appeared to be approximately the same age as Summer. Summer did not turn around, but she felt the eyes of the two other women in the waiting room and she heard a couple of snickers too.

"Here are your nipple covers. Go to room number seven I will be down in five minutes to make sure they cover your nipples and piercings. You may put your tanning thong on while you wait," the attendant said.

Summer did not turn around, but headed straight down the corridor to room seven. She could hear the laughter of the three women as they talked about Master T and the nipple covers. Summer's face began to redden, but her pussy also began to ache. The humiliation of the conversation was having the same effect on her she noticed. "What is happening to me," Summer thought to herself.

Summer was holding the cheerleader uniform in her hands, but was still in her heels, thong and bra when the attendant came into the room without even knocking. Summer tried to hide behind the door, but the attendant guided her to the middle of the room and stood there with her arms crossed. "My name is Tina and I have instructions from Sandy on what is supposed to be done to and for you. Drop the uniform on the floor at your feet," said the woman.

"Could you please close the door," Summer asked.

"Drop the uniform and take off your bra so I can attach these nipple covers," was Tina's reply.

Summer stood facing Tina contemplating what to do. On the one hand she did not know this woman and she did not like the fact that she was standing there with the door to the room open for anyone to see in while she stood there in her lingerie and heels with uniform in her hands as well as having her white rhinestone "slut" collar still fastened around her neck.

Summer was shaken out of her stupor by Tina's instructions, "Slut, do as I say and then take off your bra now."

Summer immediately dropped the uniform onto the floor and, though startled, reached behind, with one quick motion unlocked the shelf bra and let it fall from her shoulders. She hunched over in front and the bra straps slid down her arms to join the other parts of her cheerleader uniform. Summer tossed the bra onto the cheerleader uniform that she had piled onto the floor.

"Put your arms above your head slut, close your eyes and do not move," were Tina's next instructions.

Summer immediately complied as the look in Tina's eyes did not lend itself to any negotiations or hesitation on her part. As she reached for the ceiling, Summer closed her eyes tightly anticipating more humiliation at the hands of another total stranger. Summer felt her nipples being pulled and twisted then left to harden on their own. Summer heard the adhesive patch being separated from the back cover. Soon Summer felt Tina's cold fingers press a patch on her right nipple followed by a patch being placed on her left nipple, but only after Tina gave it another hard twist.

"Now slut, turn around with your arms still in the air, eyes closed and bend forward until the palms of your hands touch the floor," Tina ordered.

As Summer bent forward, she was overcome with another situation where she freely gave herself to a dominating total stranger who was giving her instructions as if directly coming from her young master. As Summer's hands reached the floor, she had to spread her legs slightly to allow her to place her palms flatly in the floor. In this position, standing on four inch black heels with ankle straps, Summer's thighs and calves began to burn almost immediately. Summer heard movement in the room, but she dared not to open her eyes as she waited for another humiliation at the hands of the tanning salon attendant.

Summer was right, Tina had humiliating plans for her. Summer felt Tina's hands on her hips as she placed her fingers inside the lace strap of the black thong and she began to pull the thong down over Summer's ass down to her knees. Tina left the thong spread tightly between Summer's knees. Then Tina said, "Slut, spread your legs further apart by walking your heels outwardly until your tong is stretched as far as it can go."

Once Summer had achieved the instructed feat, she saw flashes of light even through her closed eyes. "What are you doing? Why are you taking pictures of me in this position," Summer asked.

"Well slut if you must know, we are documenting your tanning process. If you remember, we did a walking show last weekend and these pictures reveal your tan lines after only five tanning sessions," was Tina's curt reply.

"I like your collar also. But, turn the collar around and make sure that the clasp is in the back for the next set of pictures," Tina ordered.

As Summer pulled the collar around so that her humiliation was complete, she saw Tina's eyes widen and a broad grin came across her face, "Oh, so you are someone's slut?"

"I see that you have a vibrating egg in your wet pussy. Why do you have one inserted in your pussy? Who is making you do these humiliating things slut," asked Tina.

"It is personal and I do not wish to discuss it with you," Summer quickly replied.

Tina's fingers found the receiver wire and gave the egg a tug. The egg did not budge from Summer's pussy as she was grasping it with all of the might her pussy walls could garner. Slowly, Tina was able to puss the egg almost completely out of Summer's pussy, but she stopped pulling on the wire when the base of the egg came into view between Summer's swollen pussy lips. "Man, that egg makes your pussy lips really stand out slut. And those piercings are really exposed now. 

Using three fingers, Tina jammed the egg back into the poor English teacher's pussy. Tina allowed her three middle fingers to remain deep inside Summer's pussy. Then she started sawing her fingers into and out of the teacher's wet pussy making sure to pull the egg with her fingers each time. And then just as suddenly, Tina's fucking motion stopped.

"Now stand up, keep your legs spread wide and reach for the ceiling again," Tina ordered.

Summer quickly complied totally aware that the piercings in her pussy lips were in full view for Tina's camera. "Open your eyes and give me a slutty look," was Tina's next command. When Summer did not react quickly enough, her left breast was pained by a hard slap. Summer immediately opened her eyes and tried to smile seductively at the camera. But that did not satisfy her new tormentor. "Slut, bend over again and then stand up quickly throwing your hair back as quickly as you can," Tina directed.

Summer did her best fashion model impersonation bending and then quickly standing erect allowing her light brunette hair to fall around her face. Tina's camera caught just the right image with the hair partially hiding Summer's face. With the proper airbrushing, no one would be able to recognize her, but the camera did catch the wording on the collar.

"Now slut, spread your pussy lips for me as I want to get a picture of those piercings," Tina said in a matter-of-fact tone.

Summer, knowing her place, slowly lowered her hands to her pussy and found her lips. With her legs still spread, Summer pulled each of her pierced lips outward further exposing the piercings to Tina, which also exposed the receiver wire of the egg. Summer watched as Tina lowered the camera and did several close-up shots of her piercings.

Tina was finally satisfied with her new collection of shots and said, "Ok, slut, take off your panties and heels. It is time for your tanning session." Summer thought that Tina would leave, but no such luck. Summer just stared ahead looking past Tina as she pulled her legs together that allowed her to lower her thong from her knees to the floor. Summer took off each heel having to bend over to unstrap ankle which gave Tina a good view of her pussy and ass while she took off the heels. Lastly, Summer reached behind her neck to unclasp her slut collar, which joined her clothing on the floor. Once nude, Summer took the tanning thong out of her purse and slid it up her legs making sure that the thin side straps of the thong were placed accurately on the already formed tan lines. 

Summer stood there and waited for Tina to apply the requisite tanning solution to her body. To Summer felt it strange that the staff at the salon personally applied the solution, but she was sure that this was an added instruction from her young master when he made the appointments.

Once satisfied that she had appropriately rubbed the tanning lotion over Summer's entire body and after taking an inordinate amount of time massaging the lotion on to her breasts as well as her ass, Tina motion for Summer lay down on the bed. Once on the bed, Tina placed earphones once again on Summer's ears to drown out the hum of the bed, but to also continue with Todd's manipulation of his English teacher slut.

Summer immediately recognized her young master's voice and the next 20 minutes passed by with her experiencing multiple orgasms at the direction of her master. Her mind had been subjected to his instructions for that evening reinforcing his demand that she be on her desk on her hands and knees with her heels and thigh hi hosiery the only clothing items that she was allowed to have on her body. She was also to have her recently purchased blindfold covering her eyes. Todd would be able to come into the room as she was required to place her classroom key on top of the door frame. But, she was still subject to being discovered by the janitorial staff or a member of the administrative team.

When the tanning bed cycle was completed, Summer was awakened by the sudden jolt when the bed turned off. Her headphones had channeled light jazz music after she heard her young master's instructions and she felt totally rested for some strange reason.

Summer slid out of the bed and wiped the sweat from her back side. She looked into the mirror and noticed that her make-up had smeared somewhat and she quickly did a make-over. Summer first slipped her thong back on and then slid the thigh hi's back up her legs. Summer then put the cheerleader outfit back on and then slipped a foot into each of the ankle strapped four inch heels. She was prohibited from wearing anything else for her drive back to the school. She looked at the clock in the room and she noticed that it was now 7:30 PM. "What happened to me? Why was on the bed for so long," Summer said to herself. 

Summer quickly gathered her bra and her slut collar. She chose not to wear it back to school as well as postponing the insertion of the pink butt plug into her ass and stuffed them into her purse and then stormed out of the tanning room. Summer walked quickly past the front desk and did not even acknowledge the sneering look that she received from Tina behind the desk.

Summer quickly cranked up her BMW, backed out of the lot and headed back to school. She had just the right amount of time to get back to the school and get into her classroom. She was very fortunate that there were no traffic delays and she arrived at school with five minutes to spare. She parked as close to the side entrance as she could. She opened her car door, slid out of her seat, grabbed her purse and quickly slammed the car door shut. As she walked away, Summer pressed the remote key locking device.

Summer made her way into the school by the back stairwell, which was most likely to not be occupied or traversed by anyone this late in the evening. Summer knew that she was running out of time and she could not risk not adhering to her young master's instructions.

As Summer walked down the corridor, she heard the janitor vacuuming down the hall. "Oh God, I hope they have cleaned my room," Summer said to herself.

Summer inserted her key and unlocked the door. Once the door was open, reaching up on her tip toes, Summer placed the key above the door on its frame. She stepped inside and locked the door as well as closed the mini-blinds to give herself some semblance of privacy. It was now almost 8:00 PM and she was close to not being ready for her master.

Summer quickly stripped out of the cheerleading outfit. She put the garments in the bottom drawer of her desk. Summer pulled her black thong down her body, stepped out of it and it joined the cheerleader outfit. Summer retrieved her white rhinestone slut collar from her purse and fastened it around her neck. She then retrieved the pink butt plug from her purse. She reached into her desk drawer and pulled out her hidden liquid KY Jelly lubricant. Summer spread the liquid lubricant over the surface of the plug. She put several drops on her middle finger, which she then used to spread the lubricant on her asshole, which she hoped would help ease the plug into her ass.

Summer leaned against her desk, placed the tip of the plug in her ass and then methodically worked the full length into her passageway. Summer was pleased and surprised that the plug went in so easily. Summer cleaned of the few items that she had left on her desk and then crawled up onto the desk with her ass facing towards the door to her classroom. Summer then took her new blindfold out of her purse, placed the purse in the desk drawer and closed it.

Just before putting the blindfold on, Summer looked around the room to make sure that she was alone and that there was no light on in the room. She had discovered that the cleaning crew had indeed cleaned her room. 

Summer placed the blindfold over her eyes, pulled it tight around her head and fastened it tightly. She was now at the mercy of her young master. She hoped, prayed that no one other than her young tormentor came into the room. Summer rested on her hands and knees on her desk. She could feel her heart beating almost out loud. She could feel her ass gripping the pink butt plug and she could feel her juices escaping from her pussy due to the stimulation of the egg. Summer's breast hung firmly below her with her nipples erect due to the situation and her piercings.

She waited and waited. She did not know what time it was, but then she heard the lock in her door turn and........................................

I apologize for the length of this chapter. I also apologize to my readers for the time it has been between chapters. But, Chapter 16 will follow closely behind and will illustrate Summer's continued submission to her young master and the body modifications he has in store for her. Thanks!