chapter 16

Summer, is on her hands and knees on her desk in her classroom. As she has been directed by her young master, Summer is blindfolded and is only wearing her four inch black, ankle strap heels with her black thigh hi's. Summer has previously inserted her pink butt plug in her ass, which is in addition to her black vibrating egg that has been in her pussy since this morning and remains securely gripped by the inner walls of her pussy. Summer has fastened her white rhinestone slut collar around her neck, but she has neglected to follow her young master's instructions explicitly where he had also required that her white leash was to be attached to her collar and draped over the end of her desk.

Summer heard the lock in the door and she quickly inhaled her breath wondering who was coming into the classroom. All she could do was to wait for the inevitable discovery by a member of the school's staff or that her young master had made it back safely and was now there to torment her. Summer did not really know which one was worse at this point, but she knew that neither her husband nor her children would never be able to understand or forgive her, regardless of what happened to her at the school.

Summer could hear the door creak as it was closing and then she heard the click of the lock so she felt somewhat safer. She did not dare speak and her breathing was quick as well as shallow. Summer could feel her knees begin to ache from kneeling on her desk and there was perspiration starting to form on her forehead as well as under her nose. Summer could feel her heart beating at a fast pace as it felt like her whole chest was heaving in rhythm with her heart beat.

But, in the same instance Summer's body betrayed her as the humiliation of the moment with her pussy and ass filled with erotic toys was almost too much for her. Summer could feel her pussy opening and closing as it grasped the black vibrating egg as her pussy juices began to escape and pool onto her clit. She felt full from the size of the pink butt plug in her ass. Her humiliation was emphasized by her submission and placement on her desk while she wore the white rhinestone collar that signified her servitude.

Summer could hear the floor creak slightly which indicated that whoever it was had begun to move around her. She heard something land on the floor, but she was still not sure who was in the room with her. The black egg in her pussy was being squeezed by the inside walls of the teacher's ever moistening pussy. The teacher's ass squeezed the plug keeping it fitted snugly inside that dark passageway. 

Then it happened. Without warning, Summer's ass was on fire after a loud slap from the hand of whomever was in the room with her. Her right ass cheek felt like the blood had exploded from deep within the tissue. But, she did not have long to concentrate on the pain in her right ass cheek as her left cheek erupted in the same pain administered by the strong hand of whomever was in the room. Summer did not dare speak or whimper as she knew that that would evoke even harsher actions.

As Todd circled his slut teacher, he could not believe that in one short week, this high class, stern woman had succumbed to him. He was amazed that she reacted with such submissiveness whenever he commanded. Todd was also very pleased that Summer continued to allow dominant people to command her. Summer constantly showed that she was submissive and was gradually learning to accept as well as desire the humiliations she was receiving.

Todd could see his handprints quite clearly on his teacher's ass cheeks. He had a purpose behind the slaps as he wanted her full attention and he wanted to release some of the tension of his trip. Then Todd realized that the white leash that should be combined with his teacher's white rhinestone slut collar was not attached. He loved it when Summer failed to follow his explicit instructions as it gave him more power over her and it helped him train her in immediately adhering to each instruction given, when given.

Todd watched as the teacher's chest heaved from the excitement and humiliation of the situation. He could see that her knees were white from the pressure of having been on the desk for 30 minutes. He was sure that the teacher had no idea how long she had been in her room up on the desk, but it was good practice for her to comply as instructed. What to do about her non-compliance about the leash Todd thought.

Todd did not have a lot of time this evening. He had told his parents that he was not arriving until 9:30 PM and that he would call them when he arrived. At 7:30 PM, he had texted his mother when they had gotten to Greenville, South Carolina and told her that it would be at least two more hours until the buses arrived at the school.

Now he had entered his slut's classroom and found her almost exactly as he had required. It was a very erotic site for sure. Todd could see his teacher's breasts hanging down, but rising and falling with each of her rapid breathes. The nipple piercings made each nipple stand out exactly as he had hoped it would. The base of the pink butt plug was quite visible and a nice contrast as the base was held in place by his teacher's ass cheeks. But, Todd noticed that the leash was not attached as he had required and a smirk formed on his lips as he was not only going to get his rocks off into his slut teacher's pussy, but he was also going to be able to work off some of the frustrations of the week being away by using the teacher's yardstick that she used as a pointer. He could not wait to see the whelps that he could make rise up on the poor teacher's ass.

Summer could hear the person move about the room, but she dared not make a sound as she knew that if in fact it was her young master, she was not allowed to speak unless spoken to first. And, if it was someone who had stumbled into the classroom and found her on her desk, blindfolded, butt plug extending out of her ass, white rhinestone collar and the receiver cord from the black egg plainly in view, she knew that her secret would be discovered and her career as well as her marriage would be over. Summer preferred to not speak and suffer any humiliation from the stranger if in fact it was a stranger.

The hard explosion across her ass brought Summer back to the harsh reality of her situation. If it was not her master, then it was someone who liked to punish a slut for sure. Summer's ass screamed in pain, but she dared not to say anything. Summer felt the instrument across her ass cheeks again. Then the next blow was across the top of her thighs just below her ass cheeks. From there, the blows crept up her ass until they reached her waist line that was about two inches above the tops of her ass cheeks. Then, just as suddenly, the beating stopped.

Todd walked back behind his teacher and pulled open the bottom drawer of the desk where he knew his teacher stored her pocketbook during the day. He had found it there last Friday when he needed to hack into her iPhone to get all of her contacts. He pulled the purse out and dropped on the desk between Summer's legs. 

Summer felt something land between her legs, but she was not sure what it was. She heard the sound of a zipper and she knew that it was her purse being opened. "Who could it be," the now quite nervous teacher wondered to herself.

Todd found the leash in the purse, pulled it out and then left the purse between his slut teacher's nylon covered legs. Still not having spoken a word, Todd walked back in front of his slut teacher and harshly grabbed the teacher's slut collar. Todd attached the leash to the silver ring and then pulled downward in a hard and steady method. This pull caused his slut to lower her body until her breasts touched the top of her desk. Todd then pulled the leash tighter and tied it to one leg of the desk.

Now Summer was pulled down onto the top of the desk with her breasts pressed tightly against the top of the desk while her hands were still pressed palms down onto the desk on either side of her shoulders. The pressure from being pulled down flatter onto the desk applied hard pressure to the teacher's knees, which were basically carrying all of her weight. 

Then the punishment started again. In rapid succession, Summer's ass absorbed ten more blows from the yardstick wielded by her unknown assailant. Summer began to feel turned on by the beating, the butt plug in her ass, the black egg in her pussy and the humiliation of being taken advantage of by a possible stranger. "Why hasn't he said anything yet," Summer wondered to herself. Then a horror crossed her mind, "Oh my God, what if it is Melanie?"

The possibility of being punished by her young female student caused Summer to begin to whimper on the fifteenth blow across her ass. Todd could see the whelps rising up on his slut teacher's ass. He achieved the stress release that he needed and now it was time for him to get his sexual release from his slut. Todd threw the yardstick down onto the floor, which made a loud crack as it hit the linoleum flooring. Summer was startled by the loud sound and her sniffles increased.

Finally Todd spoke, "Slut, I cannot believe that you did not do everything you were told to do. How could you forget your slut leash?"

With relief Summer replied, "Oh Master T it is you. I did not know who it was in the room with me, but I should have recognized the power of your blows. I am sorry for not attaching the leash, I just forgot in my haste to get everything ready for you."

Continuing, "Please do not punish me further Master T. I am yours to do with as you want, just please, please do not hit my ass anymore," Summer begged.

Just for good measure and to once again show Summer her place, Todd reached down to the floor, retrieved the yardstick and wielded the yardstick only this time the stick landed down crack of Summer's ass causing her to jump away from the instrument of her pain. By moving away, of course Summer's ass was beaten repeatedly to assure compliance.

Once Todd was satisfied that his slut understood her place, "Slut, it is time for you to receive my cum."

With that, Todd walked to the other side of the desk, unzipped his pants and pressed his almost fully erect cock against the teacher's lips. Without hesitation, Summer opened her lips and made a large O with her mouth to ease her young master's cock past her lips and partially down her throat.

Todd felt the warmth of Summer's mouth and began to rhythmically fuck his cock in and out of his slut's mouth. His pace remained constant as he wanted to ensure that his blow job would last and to make sure his slut knew that she was there to please him.

As Todd got closer to orgasm, he reached into his pocket and pulled out the remote control for the black egg still buried in Summer's pussy. Todd adjusted the speed to the midway point and immediately noticed that Summer's enthusiasm for sucking his cock increased. Soft moans and slurping sounds were now emitted from around his cock as his slut worked her mouth in concert with his thrusts.

Todd increased his pace, which he matched by increasing the vibrations of the egg. He could feel Summer beginning to move towards an orgasm as her moans became louder and he could see her moving her hips to meet his thrusts. "Slut, you are not allowed to cum, unless you are told to do so," Todd told his willing slut.

As he got closer, Todd grabbed his slut's hair and began to fuck her face in earnest. Todd pulled his cock almost out of Summer's mouth leaving just the head caught between her lips. He reminded Summer again that she was not to cum until she was told to do so.

"Slut, I am about to cum and you are not allowed to swallow. You will catch my cum, hold it in your mouth and then when instructed, you will open your mouth to show me that you have indeed cradled my cum," Todd ordered.

"Do you understand slut," Todd asked.

Though his cock was stuffed down her throat, Todd heard Summer say, "Yes Master."

Once he was certain she understood, Todd tightened his grip on Summer's hair, leaned back and forced his cock deep into his teacher's mouth. He felt the initial blast of his come hitting against the back of the teacher's throat and he kept fucking his cock in and out of his slut's mouth. Todd kept his cock buried deeply into Summer's mouth making sure that all of his cum was deposited into her mouth. Todd pressed his pelvis tighter against Summer's face effectively cutting off air flow because his cock filled her throat and his pelvis pressed her nose closed. He held her in this position until he could feel Summer trying to pull away pulling and pushing herself away from his grasp.

"Do not swallow my cum slut," Todd reminded Summer.

As he pulled his cock out of her mouth, Todd felt Summer's lips try and hold his cock and not allow it to be pulled out. Todd, feeling the pressure of Summer's mouth, allowed her to hold onto his cock for a bit longer as he knew the more pleasure she received from the egg in her pussy, the more she would want to have something in her mouth to increase the intensity of her approaching orgasm.

But, Todd had other ideas for his slut teacher. He pulled his cock forcibly out of Summer's mouth which was accompanied with a pop as her lips finally allowed his cock to be pulled out of her mouth. But, Summer remained lying down on her desk with her breasts pressed firmly into the top of the desk, her knees grinding into the wood top as she rocked back and forth hoping to bring on the orgasm that she so needed right now. She was still tethered to her desk by her white leash that was fastened to her collar and tied to one of the legs of her desk.

Todd zipped up his pants and walked behind his teacher. He grabbed the base of the pink butt plug and began to work it in and out of his slut teacher. His thrusts with the plug into her ass were met with Summer rocking back on her knees to meet the plunge of the pink butt plug. Todd wanted to make Summer wait for her orgasm. He wanted to make sure that he brought her to the edge multiple times before he allowed her to cum. But first, she must beg to cum and even then, she will not be allowed to cum until Todd is satisfied that she totally gives in. Besides, he needed to dump another load of his cum and he wanted to put it in her tight, wet pussy.

Todd began to work the pink butt plug in and out of Summer's ass in rapid fashion. He brought the head of the plug just to the exit of her anal passageway, but made sure that the tip did not come out so that he could see her sphincter muscles grip the plug. He noticed that Summer's ass was stretching and expanding with each insertion of the plug. Todd spit on Summer's ass crack and watched his spit dribble down until it touched the butt plug giving it some additional lubrication. He slipped a finger from his free hand and began to stimulate the teacher's protruding clit. It was easy to make out with the pussy lips swollen, but highlighted with the ring piercings. He began to visualize the clit ring in the sheath that covered Summer's clit that would be inserted on Sunday by his friend Marcos. But that was on Sunday, Todd had to concentrate on Thursday evening and making sure that he got his rocks off before his slut did and in time to ride home with his parents. A quick look at the clock showed that it was now 8:45 PM.

"Time sure flies when you are having a good time doesn't it slut," Todd asked.

All Summer could do was shake her head as she was unable to speak because she did not dare open her mouth for fear that her young master's cum would leak out.

Todd accelerated the vibrating egg to its maximum in Summer's cunt and forced the plug deeper into his slut's ass pushing against it with the palm of his hand, while continuing to manipulate the teacher's clit. Todd could tell that Summer was getting close by how she was moaning and pushing back against his hand. But, it was not time for her to cum as he another erection and he wanted to dump another load of cum into his slut.

Abruptly, Todd stopped stroking his slut teacher's clit and he turned off the vibrating egg. Todd then said, "You may unclasp the leash from your slut collar slut." Summer quickly raised up on the palm of her left hand and with her right felt for the leash clasp that was connected to her white rhinestone slut collar. Once she found it, Summer quickly released her collar from the leash and she heard it clank on the hard tile floor.

Once she had complied Todd said, "Now slut, climb down off of your desk, lay down across the desk on your stomach, spread your legs as wide as you can, grab the other end of your desk and do not move," was Todd's command.

Summer, still blindfolded and with her lips tightly closed to keep her young master's cum in her mouth, immediately did as she was instructed. Her chest was heaving with excitement and the need for sexual release. Her pussy ached for release and the pink butt plug rubbed areas deep within her that made her crave for release. As she laid back down lengthwise across the desk, Summer reached for the far end of the desk and grasped it as firmly as she could. Next, Summer spread her legs as wide as possible so that she did not have to suffer any more blows from her own yard stick. By having on the four inch heels, Summer's ass was right at Todd's waist level.

Todd reached between his slut's legs and pulled on the receiver cord that was connected to the black egg that was buried deep in her cunt. As he pulled it out, Summer let out a gasp as her pussy reflexed involuntarily trying to keep the stimulating device inside her. As Todd pulled the egg completely out of his teacher's pussy, he was amazed with the amount of pussy juice that coated the egg.

"Slut, you appear to have really enjoyed having the egg in your pussy all day today. How did if feel slut," Todd asked.

Summer could only moan and shake her head from side to side. "Slut, don't you let any of my cum slide down your throat or out of your mouth or there will be hell to pay," her master said to her.

"Well it is evident to me slut that your pussy likes the stimulation. Just smell this egg," Todd said as he walked to the other end of the desk and held the egg in Summer's face.

Todd rolled the egg over Summer's nose, cheeks and chin. He effectively rubbed most of her moisture onto the poor teacher while she was stretched and extended across her class room desk. Todd pushed the teacher's head down so that her chin rested on the edge of the desk. Todd walked back behind Summer and reached into his back pack. 

Todd withdrew a black magic marker. Just above Summer's ass, Todd wrote, "MS. WAYNE". On Summer's left ass cheek, Todd wrote "CUM" and on the right ass cheek Todd wrote "SLUT". Todd put the marker back into his backpack and withdrew his iPhone.


"Slut, turn and look back at me. Open your mouth and make sure that I can see the cum in your mouth," Todd ordered.

Summer raised up and turned her head around to face her young master. As she turned, Summer opened her mouth as wide as she could and tilted her chin upwards. She did not realize that Todd had taken a series of pictures that clearly showed the writing on her ass as well as the cum that was deposited in her mouth.

"Lay back down slut. I am going to give you the hard fuck that you deserve, but you are not to cum until I give you permission," Todd said. For added emphasis, Todd gave each of Summer's still burning ass cheeks a hard slap.

Summer grunted in pain, but complied with her instructions pressing her pierced nipples down onto the wood topped desk. Summer made sure to press her legs outwardly so that she was spread as wide as she could. Her ass continued to burn, but with a mouthful of cum she could not speak or complain about the pain she was in at that moment.

Just as Summer repositioned her body on the desk, Todd lowered his zipper and pulled out his rock hard cock. He pointed the head at his slut teacher's pussy with the two ring piercings guiding his cock into her sopping wet cunt. Todd buried his full cock into the teacher in one quick brutal motion. Summer could feel the head of his cock pressing against the length of the butt plug. She could feel a dual stimulation of the cock in her pussy and the butt plug in her ass. The two stimulations were driving her closer and closer to orgasm. Todd continued his assault on the teacher's pussy with each thrust into her pussy causing his pelvic region to press the butt plug deeper into Summer's ass. The constant stimulation was bringing Summer to the orgasm she so needed.

Suddenly, without warning, she heard her young master grunt and exclaim, "Here is your master's cum you slut."

Todd plunged his cock as deep as he could maneuver it into Summer's waiting pussy. He felt his cock explode against the deep walls of his slut teacher's pussy.

Summer felt Todd's cock erupt deep inside her. She continued to press back and forth to meet his thrusts and to rum her clit against the desk top. 

Then, the cock was gone. Todd pulled his cock out roughly and then ordered his slut to climb back up on her desk. "Slut, get up on your desk on your knees and spread your legs apart as wide as you can," were Todd's instructions. Continuing, "Put your hand between your cunt lips, as I don't want any of my cum to leak out."

Summer moaned and he knew she needed to cum. That was his plan, but she was going to perform for him. Summer was able to navigate up onto the desk which was not easy given that she was still blindfolded and now she could only use one hand to support herself as she made her way back onto the desk and then into the required position on her knees. Summer spread her legs as far as possible and then waited for more instructions.

Todd took the marker back out of his back pack and on Summer's right breast wrote "Slut" and on the left one he wrote "Teacher".

"Now open your mouth and show me the cum that you hold there slut," Todd ordered.

Summer was in agony. Now she was spread open on her desk, still blindfolded, but with the palm of her hand pressed tightly against her clit, she could easily make herself cum. But, she had not been given permission so she had to suffer more humiliation at the hands of her young master hoping that he would eventually allow her to cum. "Allow me to cum. What is wrong with me," Summer asked herself.

Summer complied with her young master's instructions and opened her mouth as wide as possible. Once again Todd snapped off a couple of pictures that clearly showed the cum in his teacher's mouth as well as the writing on each breast. Even though she was blindfolded, it was quite evident to anyone that knew her, the pictures detailed the high school English teacher with a mouthful of cum with marker writings indicating that she was a slut.

"Ok, Slut. I want you to take this dish and catch the cum in your pussy. Let it drop out so that we can save it for later," Todd directed.

Todd pushed the Tupperware dish into Summer's free hand and watched as she lowered it between her legs. She moved her hand away from her pussy and he could see his cum begin to leak out of her pussy in globs. He continued to take pictures with his phone to capture the erotic scene.

"Put two fingers in your cunt and pull my cum out slut," Todd ordered.

The shear thought of performing such a submissive act for her young master continued her understanding of complying with instructions. But, inserting two fingers into her pussy only made Summer need to cum that much more. She frantically moved her fingers in and out of her pussy. Each time she wiped her fingers on the edge of the dish hoping to satisfy her master, but also hoping that she could bring herself off with the submissive act.

"Now, stop touching your pussy slut. Take the dish and raise it to your chin. I want you to let your master's cum leak out of your mouth slowly," Todd ordered.

Summer raised the dish and placed it against her chin. She opened her mouth and with her tongue, began pushing her young master's jism out of her mouth. Todd continued to capture the scene on his camera. To think that only one week ago this was his English teacher and now she was his willing slut.

"Now, spit the last remaining amount into the dish slut," Todd directed.

Once she had done this, Todd took the container, placed the top securely onto the container and then he walked to the back of the room where he slid it into his teacher's refrigerator.

Todd turned around and was caught off guard by how erotic his teacher looked. The light from outside of the building shone brightly on her and he could see little droplets of moisture between her legs on the desk. Todd took several more pictures before walking back to her side.

Todd put all of his things back into his backpack. He zipped up his pants and made sure that there were no obvious signs of pussy juice on the front of his pants. 

Todd then removed the ten inch dildo with the fake balls from his backpack. He handed the large dildo to Summer and said, "Slut this is your reward. This is a ten inch dildo with a flat base. It is to be used by you right now. You will place the base between your legs and then lower your pussy down onto it."

Summer hesitated because she could not imagine being able to put such a large object inside her pussy.

"Do it now slut," was Todd's harsh command.

Summer lowered the dildo between her legs and placed the base on the top of the wooden desk. In this position, the head of the dildo was just below the mouth of her pussy.

"Lower yourself down onto the rubber cock slut," was Todd's next command.

Slowly, Summer began to lower her body down onto the rubber phallus. She felt the hard top of the cock slip between her very wet pussy lips. The mouth of her pussy accepted the dildo, but her interior walls of her pussy were having a hard time accepting such a large instrument. Even though she had been stimulated all day by the egg and moisture flowed constantly in her pussy, this large rubber cock was almost more than she could take. Summer raised up and started back down again. She did this several times and found that the moisture from her pussy was coating the dildo serving as a good lubricant. The deeper the dildo went, the more turned on Summer became. After about twenty downward thrusts, Summer was able to fully engorge herself onto the dildo and she had never felt this full in her whole life. She could not imagine how the whole scene looked, but she was not concerned with how it looked but how quickly she could get the rubber cock all the way into her pussy.

"Ok, slut. Go all the way up and then all the way back down onto your new practice toy. Stay down on the cock," Todd ordered.

Summer did as instructed and she could not believe how full she felt. The rubber cock was rubbing against the pink butt plug lodged deep in her ass.

"Slut, you are almost ready to cum. But first you need to understand that tomorrow you will be doing things to please me. Are you ready to please me slut," Todd asked.

"Master T please let me cum. I need it so badly," Summer begged.

"Are you ready to do as I say and please me slut," Todd asked again.

"Yes Master T, I will do whatever you tell me to do, just please let me cum," Summer pleaded.

"Ok here is the deal. You may cum slut, but you are not allowed to use your hands. You must fuck yourself with that dildo until you cum. Do you understand slut," Todd asked.

"Yes Master T I understand. Thank you for letting me cum," said Summer.

"Ok you may begin slut," Todd said as he exited the classroom.

Todd watched from the door as his slut teacher began to fuck herself on the desk dildo. The last picture he took was one where the mouth of his slut's pussy was stretched widely to accommodate the large head. He saw Summer reach between her legs and begin to rub her clit as she fucked herself on the dildo. As he left his slut teacher's room, Todd had placed a folded piece of paper on the teacher's chair. The note included instructions for the remainder of the evening.

Summer thought that her young Master was still in the room, so she put on a performance that she just knew would please him. As Summer ground her pussy down onto the dildo, she let out low moans of pleasure. She could feel the orgasm build and she began to rub her clit furiously as well as grinding her pussy down completely impaling herself on the large rubber cock.

With her free hand, Summer reached behind and began fucking the pink butt plug in and out of her ass. Her fingers manipulating her clit, the dildo filling her pussy and the butt plug going to new depths caused an eruption in Summer's pussy so intense that her pussy began to squirt a large volume of her juices onto her desk splashing down onto the floor in front of the classroom.

As her orgasm subsided, Summer listened for instructions or an acknowledgement from young master. But all she heard was silence except for the noises that the janitorial staff were making as they cleaned the classrooms down the hall from her room. Summer continued to wait for instructions that would never come as she did not know that her young master had quietly left the room, but had been courteous enough to close her door. Of course he did not lock it.

After what felt like an eternity, Summer asked, "Master T are you there?" Summer waited a couple of minutes and asked again, "Master T are you in the room?"

After another couple of minutes, still on display on top of her desk, Summer reached up and slowly raised the blind fold off of her eyes. Squinting to adjust to the full light of the classroom, which Master T had obviously done on his way out, Summer could see that she was all alone with a dildo firmly planted inside her pussy, fingers of her right hand soaked with her juices as was the top of her desk and an area of the floor in front of her desk. Her hand was still holding onto the base of the butt plug also.

Summer could not believe that he had left her there in the classroom and that he had turned the lights on so anyone could see into the room from the hallway. Summer quickly pulled her pussy up off of the rubber cock and climbed down off of her desk. She walked to the door to the classroom and turned the bold lock to secure the door. Then Summer flipped the light switch so that the only light in the room was from the street lights in the parking lot and the hallway lights as they came through the mini-blinds in the window to the door to her classroom.

Summer felt her pussy leaking juices down her leg so she placed the palm of her hand against her pussy and walked back to her desk. She reached inside her top drawer and pulled several sheets of tissue from the box and dabbed her pussy to stem the flow of her juices. She went to sit down on her chair when she noticed the folded piece of paper there.

Summer picked up the paper and placed it on the desk in front of her. She surveyed the top of her desk to see the ten inch rubber cock still sitting upright like a statue. She could make out her juices that coated the cock in spite of the dimly lit room. Summer leaned back in her chair to gather her thoughts before she attempted to read the latest directive note from her young master.

Tears began to form in Summer's eyes as she sat there in her chair, behind her classroom desk and looking out over the classroom. She thought back and realized that it had only been seven days since she sent the ill-fated email that included that damn picture of her with the black dildo and of her face. She could not believe that an 18-yearold student was now controlling her every movement and emotion. She realized that she had no real thoughts of her own. Until she could find a way to extricate herself from the clutches of her young master, Summer knew that she had no choice, but to continue to submit to his demands and comply with his every direction.

Somehow, Summer also realized that whenever she was around a dominant type person, she immediately became submissive and tried her best to please that person by meeting their needs or complying with their instructions. Summer knew that this was both wrong and dangerous. But, at the same time it was erotic and she had never felt the way she felt right then with a fully satisfied pussy based on an orgasm realized in her classroom as directed by her young master while crouched up on her desk.

In addition to that satisfied feeling, Summer realized that her ass was still filled with the pink butt plug. Summer sort of wiggled on the chair and could feel the plug deep in her ass, which gave her a warm sensation. Summer sat there still involuntarily moving her ass on her chair as she looked at the desk that displayed the ten inch rubber cock. She remembered how it felt inside her pussy and how it felt when she came with both of her holes filled.

Summer reached down with her hand and felt her pussy, which was still very wet. Her moisture was running down towards the base of her butt plug and she could tell that her juices were going to be making a wet spot in the fabric of her chair. Summer tweaked her clit and found it to be standing at full attention in spite of the recent orgasm. 

As her fingers made circling motions on her clit, Summer's other hand went up to her breast as she began to tweak the erect nipples. Those nipple erections were heightened by the gold bar piercings in each. Marcos had done an excellent job by inserting each bar at the base of the nipple so that they were always erect. But, when she was turned on as she was, Summer's nipples were even longer.

Summer began to twist and pull first the right nipple. She switched to her left nipple and then rotated her manipulations. Her finger became a blur as it strongly stimulated her clit. After only a few minutes, Summer approached orgasm. She began to pull her nipple in earnest to combine the stimulation with her finger rubbing her clit. She brought herself to the brink of orgasm several times, but she could not achieve what she now needed so desperately. 

Summer had an idea. She stood up, grabbed the dildo off of her desk and she spread her legs as wide as she could while she still had her four inch black ankle strapped heels on her feet. The head of the rubber cock slipped quickly inside the now sopping wet pussy. Summer grabbed the base of the cock and slowly fucked it into her pussy.

Now with both of her holes filled and her nipples excited by her fingers, Summer's body began to accelerate towards the orgasm that she was craving. She fucked the dildo all the way into her pussy, but she still could not cum. She moved to the corner of her desk and placed her ass on the corner so that the base of the butt plug would be pressed against the desk. Now Summer knew that she could cum as she could manipulate both rubber cocks at the same time.

Summer stopped playing with her nipples and used her extra hand on her clit. Now she was fucking the ten inch rubber dildo into her pussy. She was using the corner of her desk to allow her to rock back and forth to force the butt plug to move within her ass and her fingers were rubbing her clit intently. Now she had the right position and stimulation. Her efforts yielded another orgasm almost as intent as the one she experienced on top of her desk. Her pussy was grabbing the dildo and her ass was grabbing the butt plug. Her fingers continued to circle her enlarged clit until she finally calmed down.

Totally spent, Summer pulled the dildo out of her pussy as well as the butt plug out of her ass. The butt plug caused some pain, but she felt better now that her ass was free from the pink plug. So now, Summer was standing in her classroom with her black four inch ankle strapped heels, her black thigh hi's, her slut collar and nothing else at almost 10:00 PM on a school night.

Summer finally decided to open the note that her young master had left for her. She began to read:

Slut,

Thank you for the welcome back fuck. You are a good slut, but we have to work on your compliance issues.

Put on your bra & panties, the cheerleader uniform and combine them with your slut collar. You better hurry as I bet the janitorial staff would love to find you in your room this late at night. Fix your make-up back like the slut you are. Then, you are to go back to the girl's locker room and retrieve your clothes from locker 447. You can then plan to go home from there. Place your dildo, pink butt plug and black egg in the bottom drawer of your desk as I am going to let your ass and cunt relax this evening so you do not have to sleep with the plug in your ass tonight.

Don't forget you're tanning appointment tomorrow and you are to attend our football game tomorrow night.......more fun to come for you my slut!

Master T

Resigned to her fate, Summer opened her drawer, pulled out her bra and thong. She slipped on the thong and felt the thin material of her crotch go between her pussy lips. It immediately become soaked with her juices that had been combined with the cum her young master had deposited there only a few minutes ago. Next, Summer slipped on her bra and adjusted it to cover as much of her nipples as she could. That is when Summer saw the magic marker writing on each of her breasts. Summer reread the note and it did not say she could not remove the marker writing. She took her anti-bacteria lotion out of her desk drawer and used Kleenex tissue to remove the writings.

Summer then stepped into the short cheerleader skirt, slowly worked it up her legs and over her hips. Because it was two sizes too small, the skirt fit quite snuggly around her waist. However, the skirt's length did nothing to hide the fact that she had thigh hi hosiery on as the lace top bands of the hose peeked out from under the hem of the small skirt. Summer then slipped her arms through the arm holes of the cheerleading vest and buttoned the three buttons that she could as there was no way she could button the top two buttons as whoever wore this uniform had much smaller breasts then hers. Summer saw remnants of the writing on her breasts, but felt that it was sufficiently erased.

In the dark, it was impossible for Summer to apply her make-up in the manner that she was required to by her young master. Hesitantly, she walked to the door of her classroom and opening it, Summer peered down the corridor in each direction. She saw that the janitorial staff was down the hall to her left while her classroom was only two classrooms from the stairwell to her right, which she would utilize to make her escape to the girl's locker room as she had been instructed.

Summer quietly closed and re-locked her door by turning the bolt lock tumbler. Next she flicked on one of the classroom light switches so that her room would not totally be filled with light. Summer quickly pulled out her make-up bag and began applying eyeliner, which was followed by the bright green tinted eye shadow that her young master liked because as he said, it brought out the color of her eyes more. Summer then bent at the waist to let her long brunette hair cascade forward and then she quickly stood back up causing her to fluff slightly. Summer quickly applied a brush to tease her hair somewhat and then she applied the mouse that gave her hair a soft, but wildish look.



Satisfied that her make-up and hair would meet with her young master's requirements, Summer packed her remaining belongings into her purse. She thought for moment about taking the collar off, but thought better of it. She pulled the collar around so that the "Slut" tag was on the side of her neck as would the clasp which would both be hidden by her hair.

Summer quickly glanced around the room to make sure that there were no telltale signs of sex or articles of clothing that could be discovered by students arriving early or by the janitorial staff. Seeing none, Summer's eyes were quickly diverted to the wet spot on her desk detailing her orgasm as well as the deposit of cum into her pussy by her master. The wet spot on the floor was also visible, but she hoped that it would dry by morning. Then she looked at her felt covered chair and noticed the stain on the edge of the chair. Summer shook her head and turned to head out of the classroom.

Summer flicked the wall switch to turn off the lights. She turned the bolt lock as quietly as she could. The familiar click echoed in her classroom. As she opened the door, Summer was concerned that she would be discovered by the squeaking of the door because the joints were in severe need of oil. She looked around as she relocked her door and quickly spun so that she was headed down the corridor to the stairwell for her escape.

Summer dropped her room key and it gave a rather loud clank. The sound reverberated down the corridor or classrooms. Summer bent over at the waist to reach for her key. She was grasping her pocket book in one hand holding it to her chest so that her breasts did not spill out of the small cheerleader top. She did not bother to squat as she was trying to get out of the hall without being discovered. Summer felt the hem of the short skirt rise up almost to her ass cheeks. She remembered the magic marker tattoo that her young master had given her while she was displayed for him on her desk. "Thank goodness no one is around to see what he wrote on me," Summer thought to herself. "I wonder what is there."

Unbeknownst to Summer, Calvin Williams had exited the art room with a large bag of trash when he noticed Summer as she walked down the hallway. He watched as Summer bent over at the waist to retrieve her key. Calvin could see the tops of the teacher's thigh hi hose quite clearly and he could just make out something written on the teacher's ass, but he was not sure. He moved a little closer and the light at that end of the hallway hit just right. Calvin was able to see "Cum Slut" on the teacher's ass as the cheerleader skirt rose up to her ass cheeks. He could also see the thin strap of Summer's black thong slipping between her firm ass cheeks.

Once Summer had retrieved her key, Calvin watched her walk down the corridor with the short skirt bouncing with each step that allowed him to see the lace tops of the teacher's hose. "Man I got to get me some of that stuff," the janitor said out loud, but in a whisper. He watched longingly as the short cheerleader skirt rocked in rhythm with the click of the teacher's black four inch ankle strap heels.

Summer felt like she made it to the stairwell without anyone knowing she was there and she breathed a sigh of relief. Now she had to get down these stairs without falling to get to the corridor that led to the gym. Summer finally reached the lower landing and peered through the glass partition in the door to check and make sure that there were no students, faculty or janitorial staff around. Satisfied that she was alone, Summer opened the large metal door and bolted through the door way. Summer headed towards the locker rooms as fast as her high heels would allow her to move.

Summer finally reached the door to the girl's locker room and she paused to see if she could hear anyone in the hallway or in the locker room. Satisfied that she heard no one, Summer opened the door and walked into a full lit locker room. She heard showers running and she could hear girls giggling as they showered. Summer searched for and found locker 447. Cautiously, Summer set her purse down, stripped off the cheerleader uniform and unlocked the locker.

When she opened the locker door, all Summer found was a note. Summer could tell it was from her young master, but she was too scared to read it. She was standing in the girl's locker room and all she had on was her bra, thong, hose, black heels and her white rhinestone slut collar. Sequestered in the U-shaped locker configuration, Summer opened the note and read:

"Slut, your clothes are in the boy's locker room. I thought it best that you understand your place and that nothing you fail to do will go unpunished. If you have not already, strip off the cheerleader uniform and place it in the locker, but do not lock it. Next, you are to lay down on the bench in front of the locker there in the girl's locker room. You are to spread your legs wide on either side of the bench and you are to bring yourself to orgasm using only your fingers. You are not allowed to read the second note taped to the underside of the bench until you cum. Do as you are told."

Your Master.

Summer quickly placed the cheerleader uniform into the locker and closed it making sure not to lock it. Summer was taken aback that she was going to be made to have an orgasm in the girl's locker room. She could not imagine the consequences of being discovered by other students or by someone from the administration. Summer did not understand why there were girls in the shower this late at night, but then again it was a gym and there was always some type of practice going on at the school.

Summer listened as the girls continued to giggle in the shower. She could not make out whose voices she heard because of the distance that was muffled by the walls of lockers. Locker 447 was contained in a "U" shaped alcove of the locker room. The lockers were double stacked and went from the floor to almost eight feet high. Summer could see old clothing, shoes and dust that had gathered on top of the lockers. She felt reasonably sure that she would not be discovered if she remained composed in fulfilling the newest demand of her young master.

Summer quickly laid down on the four foot long wooden bench. Summer's slut collar pinched her neck slightly, which served to remind her of her place of servitude to her high school master. She spread her legs still encased in her black thigh hi hose with her ankle strap four inch heels still on her feet. Summer's hand slipped inside the top of her black string thong and found its way between her puffy pussy lips. Her middle two fingers immediately found her very erect clit which caused her to moan quietly.

Summer began to manipulate the erect bud hoping to achieve an orgasm quickly. But, as her fingers tried their hardest, there was just almost no way for her to cum again. Summer could not remember how many orgasms she had been subjected to during the day and early evening. The last two orgasms were explosive because both her ass and pussy were filled with either Todd's hard cock or the rubber toys he had her use on herself.

With her breasts spilling out of her shelf bra and her right hand buried deep inside her thong, Summer would have made quite the site if she were to be discovered. She was so engrossed in what she was trying to accomplish, she did not hear the showers turn off and she still did not recognize the voices from the girls that had been showering as they came into the locker room. Summer was startled by the opening of a metal locker only a few feet away from her on the other side of the row of lockers.

Summer's hand froze mid-stroke on her clit and she held her breath. Her pussy was trying to grasp at her fingers and her nipples were hardening even more with the fear of being discovered as she lay displayed on the bench. Summer was listening intently while still absentmindedly stroking her clit. She recognized the voices now; it was Melanie Hart and Marsha Edwards. Summer listened as the girls chatted and gossiped about everything teenage girls normally talked about.

Summer could feel her body reacting to her manipulations and tried to slow down her fingers, but her body was pleading for release. The sheer fact that she was so close to being discovered was heightening her approaching orgasm. Summer tried to pay attention to the girls and do as she had been directed by her young master.

"All right Marsha, it is a flip for who is to go into the boy's shower and have their picture taken naked," Melanie said.

"Whose stupid idea was this anyway," Marsha quickly replied.

"You knew that there were little initiation things we all had to do. In this case, it is a coin flip. If I win I take your picture, but if you win you take my picture," Melanie replied.

"That is all there is to it right," Marsha asked again to confirm.

"Listen Marsha, if you want to chicken out then so be it. I can only imagine what will happen to you on the next out of town game we go to. They might make you miss the bus, strip you down to your panties and bra then leave you to get home as best you can. They did that to me," Melanie lied.

Summer was listening intently as she casually rubbed her clit. She was amused by the conversation between the two teenagers knowing how conniving that Melanie really was, Summer had no doubt that the loser of the coin flip would be poor Marsha. Summer spread her legs further apart and began to rub her clit in earnest. Being this close to discovery was having an effect on her. She could fee her body react to the humiliation of being discovered, which made her more turned on. Summer realized that this was a common theme for her now, the more risky it was the more turned on she became. "What is wrong with me," she asked herself again.

"Ok, are you ready for the coin flip Marsh," Melanie asked.

"No, but go ahead. I can't wait to take those pictures of you in the boy's shower," Marsha replied in a confident tone.

"Ok, if it is heads you lose and tails I lose," Melanie called.

In a couple of seconds Summer heard the familiar clink of a coin hitting the tile floor and roll along the floor until it hit the locker.

"Fuck" was all that Marsha said.

"Ok, Marsha. All you can wear into the boy's locker room is this towel. Well it isn't really a bath towel. You could call it a hand towel so you can hide behind it a little. But, once we get to the door, you give me the towel and then head for the shower," were Melanie's instructions.

"Also, you are to be blindfolded so that if your picture is seen by anyone, the likelihood of someone recognizing you would be lowered. Put this on and let's go," Melanie instructed.

Resigned to her situation, Marsha grabbed the hand towel from Melanie and then turned her back to her so that the blindfold could be placed over her eyes. Once satisfied that she had the blindfold appropriately fixed to make sure that no light could be seen through the blindfold, Melanie reached into her book bag to retrieve the digital camera that would detail Marsha's submission and humiliation. Marsha was not aware that this had not been done to any of the other cheerleaders, but it was Melanie's idea to do it to the uppity, sophomore to put her in her place in the pecking order of the squad. Melanie got off on controlling the younger cheerleaders and she always had one that she took complete control of during the season.

Marsha's small but perky breasts stood directly out in front of her with her little nipples hard as rocks from the dampness of the water still on her body, her being blindfolded and the anxiousness of the hazing she was experiencing at the direction of the senior cheerleader captain.

Melanie took several pictures of the unknowing, naive Marsha and then she took her elbow to guide her through the locker room. Summer could hear their breathing and she could hear Marsha whimper as she ran into one of the lockers. Summer was pretty sure that Melanie did that on purpose.

Now that she was alone, Summer once again began to furiously rub her clit. She felt close to orgasm, but could not bring herself off. Remembering how it felt to cum with the rubber dick in her pussy, Summer ran her other hand between her legs and tried to slide her middle two fingers into her pussy. But in the position she was in, it was more difficult than she wanted. 

Summer pulled her feet up until her heels were drawn against her ass cheeks. Then Summer widened her knees outwardly until she could not stretch any further. In this position, Summer's middle fingers easily slipped inside her pussy. She began to saw her fingers in and out of her very moist pussy. Combined with her own juices and the remnants of the juices her young master had deposited in her 30-minutes ago, Summer's fingers were fully coated to piston deep into her pussy.

As the orgasm approached, Summer thrust her pelvis up to meet her thrusting fingers. Her middle two fingers circled her clit more feverishly than she could imagine. She pushed down one last time and she was rewarded with another explosion of ecstasy when her pussy flooded her fingers, the crotch of her thong and flowed down onto the bench.

Composing herself, Summer slowly lifted herself up off of the bench. Summer reached under the bench to find the envelop that surely contained another humiliating task for her to accomplish before being allowed to go home. She opened the envelop and was pleased to read that it only contained a key to locker 975. Summer was very happy that there was no message listing some dreadful thing to do. She straightened up as best she could, gathered up her purse and headed for the door.

Down the corridor and across the hall, Melanie had been busy taking pictures and generally abusing poor Marsha. Melanie had made Marsha pose in several provocative positions that revealed her small patch of pubic hair, her tight ass cheeks and the perkiness of her small breasts.

Melanie's last action was to secure Marsha's hands above her head to the shower column that was centered in the shower area. There were five columns of shower heads with each columns having five spouts. Melanie had selected the back most column for the true initiation of Marsha.

William Demps, but everyone called him Willie, which he hated was standing at the entrance to the showers. William is the star defensive lineman, a senior and has committed to play football next year at the state university. William stood six feet five inches tall and weighed approximately 285 pounds. He was a terror on the football field, was an exceptional student and he liked young white cheerleaders. He had worked out an arrangement with Melanie to help her in mathematics if she would get him in a position to have his way with young Marsha. William's friends had talked about the night that Marsha had lost her cherry and how much she had liked having sex with black boys. It was his turn now.

"Ok Marsha, here is the drill. I will leave you here for 30-minutes. If you don't scream and plead to be released during that time, I will release you. If you do scream I will leave you here for another 30-minutes. Is that clear," Melanie asked the poor cheerleader.

"Melanie, please don't make me do that. I had no idea that was part of the initiation. Please," Marsha pleaded.

Melanie then produced Marsha's white cotton panties and forced them into her mouth crotch first. Marsha struggled trying to push the damp cloth back out of her mouth, but Melanie was successful in pushing most of the panty into her mouth. Melanie took several more pictures form the side that accurately revealed panties stuffed in Marsha's mouth and she could easily make out the Victoria's secret writing on the waist band.

"Too late Marsha, I will be back in 30-minutes," were Melanie's last words.

Melanie stopped at each shower column and turned on the hot water on each. The steamy effect was good for pictures and it muffled most sounds.

Melanie quietly backed away from Marsha admiring her physic, how her muscles stretched with her hands above her head. From behind her, Melanie could see her breathing and squirming to untie herself from the shower column. But, Melanie had planned this out perfectly. She had used felt covered bindings that clasped together above the shower head. There was a long pipe that the water ran thorough to the head, but it had a loop that Melanie easily had thread the binder chain through. Marsha could move her arms some, but there was no way she could extricate herself from the bindings.

Melanie ran into fully nude William Demps. He was a mountain of a young man compared to Melanie. Melanie felt his hands on her hips and the semi-erect horse dick that hung between his legs. He leaned forward and whispered in Melanie's ear, "Ok, time for you to pay me back. Get on your knees and suck my cock."

Melanie had had the pleasure of William's cock before and quickly slipped to her knees. William took his cock in one hand and placed his other hand on the back of Melanie's head and guided her mouth to his cock head to Melanie's mouth. William began to slowly fuck the purple head of his cock in and out of Melanie's willing mouth. As his cock grew harder, William slowly and patiently slid his cock head past Melanie's teeth and to the back of her throat. He took it easy so that no slurping sounds came from her mouth because William did not want to alarm his waiting conquest.

Summer froze in her tracks as she had entered the boy's locker room searching for number 975. Though they were turned sideways in the shower, Summer could plainly see Melanie on her knees with William Demps' gigantic cock sawing in and out of her mouth. Summer could not move as she was mesmerized by not only the sight, but the size of the cock Melanie was happily sucking for all she was worth.

William placed a hand on each side of Melanie's face and began to quicken his pace. He wanted to be fully erect when he encountered Marsha. He was looking at the opposite end of the shower room looking at Marsha. He could see her tight ass cheeks and thighs as she struggled with her bindings and the cold floor.

William pulled his cock free of Melanie's mouth with a slight pop with her saliva coating almost the full nine inches. Melanie shook her head in protest, but William had other plans and needs. He and Melanie had done this before so he was comfortable with the way the young cheerleader was being presented to him. As a matter of fact, the last girl to be a victim of Melanie was his girlfriend for almost one year afterwards.

Summer still frozen could see Melanie's saliva coating William's massive cock. Over the past several days, Summer had felt, tasted and was penetrated by many different shaped and sized cocks. But, no cock was as big as William's. Summer had been turned on by the wanton way that Melanie had expertly sucked his cock to its full erection. She was mesmerized by the way it stood out directly from his groin pointing straight ahead at Melanie's face.

As William pulled Melanie to her feet, Summer moved quickly to her left avoiding eye contact with either of the teenagers, but also being able to spy on them to see what they were going to do next.

"Melanie, go in and turn off a couple of the showers as it is too steamy in there. I want you to be able to get some really good shots of my cock in Marsha's pussy," William whispered, but loud enough for Summer to hear from her secluded position.

Melanie picked up her camera that she had rested on her towel and walked back into the shower area. She turned off the first three columns, which only left on the column nearest to the restrained Marsha as her column was not on. Next Melanie took a couple of more pictures of Marsha from a kneeling position making sure that she got some close-up shots of her now pouty pussy lips. Melanie could see that Marsha pussy was coated with her juices and it was evident that this whole scenario was turning her on.




Marsha Edwards thought she heard noises, but because of the showers spouting hot streams of water, she could not be sure. She continued to struggle with her bindings as well as to try and force the panties that were in her mouth out. She could taste her juices from the crotch of her panties that had been forced into her mouth by Melanie, but she wondered how they had become wet. She pressed her thighs together to try and stop the itching down there in her private area. "What is wrong with me," she thought to herself.

Summer watched as Melanie continued to take pictures in the shower. Summer edged around the locker wall that had secluded her and she was able to see straight down the row of shower columns. Summer could see Melanie, the back profile of William and then she saw poor Marsha Edwards. She was attached to the top of the shower column and she was facing towards the column. William was almost too her now and Summer could not move. From her vantage point she could see William's hands grabbing Marsha's hips.

Once she was touched, Marsha realized that she was not alone. The hands on her hips were not those of a girl as they were large and rough. She tried to scream and call Melanie's name but her white cotton panty gag only allowed a muffled sound to be emitted from her mouth. She felt herself being picked up and twisted causing her arms to cross above her head. Her hips were being lifted as if she were being levitated by a magician, but the rough hands told her that it was a man.

William raised the hips of his newest conquest up to his shoulder level and he lowered his lips to Marsha's pussy. William could see that there was only a small patch of dark pubic hair covering Marsha's pussy mound. He lowered his mouth down to the waiting pussy that was displayed for him as his hands cupped the young cheerleader's ass to his mouth.

Marsha struggled mightily to fight against the invasion, but with her hands tied above her and twisted by the mauler, she was only left with poor attempts to flail her legs to ward off the attacker. She felt her ass being cupped by strong hands and she tried to twist her body away from them. Marsha felt the hands cupping her ass begin to squeeze powerfully causing her to squeal into her panty gag from the pain that was being inflicted on her ass cheeks. When she relaxed the pain stopped. Given the brief respite, Marsha tried to lash out once more with her legs trying to kick her attacker.

William smiled as the cheerleader thrashed about in his arms. He had been able to raise Marsha's hips up even further so that his head was now between her thighs with her legs draped over his shoulders. He continued to lower his mouth until his nose met the small patch of pubic hair and his lips found Marsha's pussy lips. Quickly, William's tongue darted out of his mouth and into Marsha's tight hole. William knew that she was not a virgin based on what his friends had told him about their time with her, but she was very tight.

Melanie was now beside him and grabbing his long shaft, began to stroke him the full length of his cock. Melanie was an expert in manipulating people and quite apparently a cock. She felt William's cock jerk as she tightly gripped the purple head and then moved her hand down the full length and then back up to the tip. She felt how powerful it was. She remembered her first time on her hands and knees as William pounded her pussy after one of his best ball games. Todd Spillers had given Melanie to him as a reward for making the key play in one of last year's playoff game. It was then that she became a tool for Todd. She liked to manipulate people, but she found that Todd could manipulate her better. She tried to always see to it that Todd's directions were always followed by either the person of his interest or his instructions to her. Melanie liked to use cocks for her satisfaction and Todd was able to provide her with opportunities to satisfy her desires.

Summer was frozen by the scene. She was mortified that Melanie had been able to put Marsha in this situation and she was disappointed that one of her favorite students was taking advantage of the young cheerleader. But, she was unable to move or assist Marsha. The erotic site of the cheerleader's legs now wrapped around and over William's strong shoulders while his mouth was buried in her pussy was hypnotizing the English teacher. She was standing in the boy's locker room still only dressed in her lacy underwear, black thigh hi's, black ankle strap heels and her white rhinestone slut collar. Summer gripped her pocketbook tighter as the scene unfolded in front of her.

Melanie speeded up her manipulation of William's cock. She wanted some of his cum in or on her body as she did not care where. She loved the feel of a cock as it exploded and spewed its hot jism onto her skin or in one of her orifices. She did not care where or which one, just that she wanted it.

With a free hand, William pulled Melanie's hand away from his cock. He was in no mood to have her jerk him to an orgasm when he had the opportunity to slam his cock into Marsha's soaking pussy. She had initially resisted him, but as he brought her closer and closer to orgasm he could feel her resistance lessen. As orgasm approached, William was positioning himself so that he could slide her body down to his cock so that Marsha's orgasm coincided with him thrusting his black cock deep into the cheerleader's pussy.

Marsha could not believe that her body was betraying her. She was no saint and certainly she was not a virgin. But, what started out as an attack on her turned into an erotic turn-on for her. Marsha's body was beginning to edge towards the orgasm that it craved and she began to hump her hips against the anonymous mouth. She had no idea who it was, nor did she care.

All Marsha wanted was to allow her body to release the pent up orgasm that began while showering with Melanie. She had watched Melanie soap and rub her body so erotically that Marsha felt like it was her hands washing the older cheerleader's body. "Why am I feeling this way," she thought to herself as the tongue on her pussy suddenly was thrust deep inside her pussy. Marsha tried to grab the tongue with her pussy lips, but whose ever it was made clear that they knew what they were doing.

Summer continued to watch as she was frozen by the eroticism of the shower scene. Why was Melanie not helping to free her young teammate? Why was William doing those things to the bound and blindfolded young cheerleader? Why wasn't she doing anything Summer thought to herself?

Summer watched as William took his mouth away from Marsha's young, almost hairless pussy. She saw him pull her legs from around his neck and began to lower her down towards his large, erect black cock. Melanie was still on the floor of the shower trying her best to get access to William's cock, but he was not allowing her. Summer saw that the purple head of William's cock was positioned directly at the mouth of Marsha's pussy with her legs pressed against the chest of the defensive lineman with her feet on either side of his head.

Summer watched as Melanie grabbed the cock and guided towards Marsha's pussy. She could see the large "O" forming on Marsha's mouth as she felt the cock head slip between her swollen pussy lips. 

"There was no way that that cock was going to go into that tiny girl," Summer mumbled to herself.

"Oh my God, yes," screamed Marsha.

Melanie stood back up and retrieved her camera. She began to take pictures again of the whole scene. Melanie had done this several times before and know how to get the best shots while also concealing who it was being photographed. Well, Melanie knew that she had to get the money shot so that when she needed to manipulate either William or Marsha. Melanie would have evidence against both, either a rape or sexual promiscuity as it did not matter to her.

Summer continued to watch, but mindless that her right hand had slipped down her body and into her black lace thong. Her left hand continued to hold her pocketbook, but her right hand found her clit and once again was manipulating the erect knob causing her body to once again crave release. Summer's legs spread almost involuntarily as her eyes locked on William's massive cock began to piston in and out of Marsha's tight pussy. Melanie had vanished from the scene in her mind and all Summer could concentrate on was the sight and sound of the fucking.

As if on cue, Marsha's body erupted in orgasm as William buried his cock deep into her pussy. She was not worried about pregnancy as she had gone to the local health clinic to get birth control pills without her parent's knowledge. She had been having sex for two years and did not want to get pregnant. She also learned early on that boys say they will pull out, but never do.

"Oh my God I am cumming," Marsha grunted.

"Give it to me you bastard. Deeper asshole," Marsha screamed.

"Yes do it to her," Summer moaned.

Summer watched as she saw William begin to flood poor Marsha's tight pussy with his cum. He continued to pound his cock fully into the small sophomore cheerleader, while her legs were pressed against his chest. His big hands firmly planted on the taught cheeks of Marsha's ass gave him the leverage he needed to allow his cock to soar into Marsha's pussy hitting the "G" spot he thought and that is when she exploded on his cock. That connection had sent him over the cliff to orgasm also.

Todd was right Melanie thought. His timing was spot on as was hers. She had caught Marsha in the throes of orgasm without showing her face. She had turned around just in time to catch the unknowing English teacher in mid-orgasm with her hands stuffed down her panties, mouth wide open and eyes glued shut. It was what Melanie referred to as "another" money shot for her collection. Now she had the leverage for her grades and she only had Todd to thank.

Summer's orgasm subsided just enough for her to slip back into the depths of the locker room. She hid until she saw William slowly lower Marsha back down to a standing position. William then left the two girls in the shower as he walked back into the locker room area. Summer could she him quite clearly as his cock hung semi-erect between his legs as he pulled on a school tee shirt and a pair of matching silky gym shorts that the football players wore. He had not bothered to put on any underwear so Summer was treated with a good view of the cock hanging between the massive legs of the defensive lineman. He slipped his feet into flip flops and headed out the door.

Melanie had also placed her clothes in the boy's locker room. She had come out of the shower area while Summer had been pre-occupied watching William dress and leave. Melanie slipped on her tiny thong panty, matching bra, short blue jean skirt, tank top and her four inch platform sandals. She walked back into the shower, but did notice Summer standing almost invisible in the recesses of the locker area. Melanie smiled to herself at her successful photo session of both of her objects: Marsha and her bitchy English teacher.

Melanie whispered in Marsha's ear that she had successfully met the initiation challenge. She was proud of her for not crying out and that she took it like a champion. As she unlocked the bindings from the shower column, Marsha's body could not support the sudden weight and she collapsed onto the shower floor. Melanie reached down and took off the blindfold. Melanie left Marsha on the floor as she walked into the boy's locker room and threw the bindings and blindfold quickly into a locker.

Melanie walked back into the shower and with a little effort was able to lift Marsha to her feet. After she pulled the cotton panties from Marsha's mouth, Melanie asked, "Is everything alright Marsha? You look completely worn out. Were the bindings too tight," Melanie asked with a half crooked grin.

"No, I am ok. Just get me out of here so I can get dressed and go home please," Marsha begged.

Melanie thoughtfully had brought a large bath towel into the shower. She draped it around the exhausted and used cheerleader. Melanie led Marsha out of the shower area and through the locker room. Summer could see the two girls exiting the shower area and noticed that Melanie's hands were supporting Marsha with one around her shoulders while the other casually gripped the cheerleader's ass under the towel. As she exited the locker room, Melanie flicked off the lights leaving Summer in almost total darkness.

Fortunately, there was light emanating from the emergency exit signs and a soft glow from the one light that stayed on for security purposes. Summer then realized that her hand was still buried in her lace thong and her fingers were covered in her juices. Summer felt her clit and it was still erect. She wondered to herself, "What is wrong with me? I just watched poor Marsha almost raped, but she seemed to enjoy it. I got turned on by watching. What is wrong with me," Summer said to herself. Summer pulled her hand out of her panties and held them up to observe how they were soaked with her 

When she felt like the coast was clear, Summer started looking for the locker that her young master had told her to seek out. She had to think a minute and then remembered that it was 975. Summer followed the wall of lockers and noticed that the odd numbers were on the bottom. So to continue her search, Summer had to lean over and look at each locker number until she finally came to the locker. This locker was very close to the shower area and Summer was thankful that she had not gotten there earlier as she feared that she might have been discovered.

Thankfully, locker 975 was not locked. Summer reached down for the handle and pulled it upwards to release the clasping device. Immediately, Summer noticed the blindfold and bindings that she saw Melanie throw into a locker. She had no idea that Melanie had chosen this very locker to discard the binding items that she had used on the poor sophomore cheerleader.

Summer reached in to pull out her blouse and skirt when she found the note taped to the door of the locker. As if on autopilot, Summer pulled the envelope that had been taped to the locker door knowing that it was more instructions for her to follow, which would inevitably lead to more humiliation for her.

Slut,

So how did you like watching William's huge cock fucking poor innocent Marsha? Did it disgust you or did it turn you on? My bet is my slut that it turned you on and you had another orgasm. Are you confused by your body now? Well, I am not. I knew from the first moment we got together that you would be a very good slut with a lot of upside with proper training. But, tonight when you get home, I am going to give you a break. You can slip back into your teacher clothes that you found in the locker. Also, the binding materials you found in the locker, you will need to leave them hanging in the shower on the same column that you watched poor Marsha take William's enormous cock. I bet you wanted that cock inside you. Well, if you are a good slut, I will make that happen for you! Get dressed, place the bindings on the shower column and then go home. Tomorrow is Friday and we have a home game tomorrow night. I will tell you in the morning what to wear to school. Don't forget to make sure that you have lost the 5 lbs that you were instructed to accomplish. Get on your digital scales tonight when you get home and let me know where you are....by the way, I have them wired so that I can get the feedback on your weight. Until the morning slut.........

Master T

Summer simply crumbled the paper up into a ball, slammed it into her pocketbook and then took the bindings out of the locker. Summer picked up her neatly folded skirt and blouse and set them on the bench in front of the locker. She picked up the red silk blouse and noticed that it was wet from the bindings and blindfold that had been thrown on top of them by Melanie. Summer slipped the blouse on and buttoned it up. She was then aware that the blouse was wet in strategic places over both of her nipples.

Because of the shelf bra, her nipples were not covered by any of its material and it was quite obvious that her nipples were pierced because the wet material of the blouse was sticking to her erect nipples. It was dark and Summer was not worried about being seen by anyone. She reached for her black button up skirt, but decided to place the binding material in the shower on the column directed by Master T.

Summer slammed the locker door shut and picked up Melanie's binding material to head into the shower. Her heels made loud clicking noises as she crossed the wet tile floor. Once she had reached the fourth column, Summer extended her hands above her head and looped the restraint binder over the shower head. Summer hung the blindfold onto the water nozzle hoping that would please her young master. With her hands above her head, the tops of her thigh hi's as well as the magic marker tattoo would be visible to anyone looking, but fortunately Summer thought, no one was around.

Summer turned and headed out of the shower area when the lights came on in the locker room. She had been finding her way around with the light offered by the one overhead light used for security as well as the emergency exit lights. She stopped in her tracks still in the shower room only ten feet from her skirt. She paused to listen to see if she could determine who had turned on the lights, but she did not hear any conversations.

Summer got up onto her tiptoes and walked as quietly as she could until she reached the bench in front of locker 975. Summer reached down to the bench and picked up her black button skirt and stepped into it with first her right and then her left foot. She slid the skirt up her legs and over her hips. Summer tucked the tail of her blouse into the skirt, but she did not have time to button the top three buttons to secure the skirt around her waist.

Summer then heard the familiar noise of a trashcan on wheels as the janitor or janitors had made their way into the gymnasium to begin cleaning up after the children of the school. Summer held her breath hoping that she would not be discovered. She heard the door to the coach's offices open, which gave her the window of opportunity she needed to exit undetected from the boys locker room.

As she reached the door, she heard one woman say, "Lord Almighty, these boys are awful. I wonder if their parents let them throw their clothes and towels on the floor at home."

The second woman responded, "Yes it is awful. And those girls are worse. There were panties, bras and tampon wrappings all over the floor over there."

Summer had to wait by the door until she was sure that the women could not see her once she bolted out of the locker room rear door. She heard another door open followed by the wheels of the trash can. Summer quickly hit the horizontal latch and swung the door widely open.

Calvin Williams almost took the full force of the door against his face. He was able to just be able to back away as the door was flung open. Before he could gain his composure, he was face-to-face with Summer Wayne the English teacher who he had seen sneaking out of her classroom in the cheerleader outfit.

Summer's eyes widened to almost the size of saucers as she came face to face with Calvin Williams, the step father of William Demps. Summer's mind went back to the scene in the shower where she watched his stepson pound Marsha while she was tied to the shower column.

Summer was frozen with the look of a woman cornered and absolutely nowhere to run. She locked eyes with Calvin initially, then faced with the situation of being caught exiting the boy's locker room, Summer hung her head in resignation of the fact that she had made a terrible mistake, which could cause her to lose her job.


"Ms. Wayne, what in the world are you doing in the boy's locker room," Calvin asked.

Summer did not know how to respond. She could not think as to why a teacher would be in the boy's locker room at this time of the night. So, instead of answering, Summer just kept her head down and tried to edge her way past the large janitor and escape.

"Where do you think you are going, Ms. Wayne," Calvin asked.

Summer once again did not respond, but kept her head down trying to avoid eye contact with the large black man and his piercing eyes. With Calvin blocking her path Summer replied, "Mr. Williams, I was just checking on the locker room as I heard a funny noise as I was leaving the building."

"Oh, is that what you were doing Ms. Wayne," Calving said to the sheepish teacher. Continuing, "That is not what I gathered after seeing you in the hallway outside of your classroom about an hour ago. You were dressed in a cheerleader uniform, but you were wearing some pretty interesting hose as well as those sexy heels that you have on now."

Pressing further, "So tell me Ms. Wayne, what were you doing in the boy's locker room? Were you having sex with one of the high school students," Calvin asked.

"Oh no nothing like that Mr. Williams. I had worn the cheerleader uniform as an assist to the cheerleading team as a fundraiser," Summer lied.

"But why were you in the boy's locker room," Calvin asked again. "I mean, if you were returning the uniform, shouldn't you have returned it to the women's locker room?"

"I did do that Mr. Williams as I left the uniform in a locker in there. But, as I told you, as I was leaving I thought I heard a funny noise in the boy's locker room and I went in to check it out," Summer continued her lie.

"Forgive me if I don't believe you Ms. Wayne. I saw how you were dressed under your cheerleader skirt with the interesting writing on each of your firm, sexy ass cheeks," Calvin continued gaining the high ground in the conversation with the sexy English teacher.

Pressing further, Calvin continued, "I think we need to go ahead and meet with Mr. Harding about this. Why don't we go to my office and let's call him to discuss what has happened. He may believe your story, but I do not."

"Please Mr. Williams, I am telling you the truth. Let's go into the girl's locker room and I can show you where I placed the cheerleader uniform," Summer pleaded.

"What, so you can say you caught me in the girl's locker room looking through the lockers. I don't think so Ms. Wayne," Calvin replied.

"Oh no Mr. Williams. I was just wanting to show you that I was telling the truth about returning the uniform," said the now concerned teacher.

"Well I am not sure that I can trust you Ms. Wayne. After all, I caught you red handed coming out of the boy's locker room. I would think you would say anything to get out of trouble and you would figure to be believed over a black janitor anyway," Calvin hissed at the teacher knowing full well he had her now.

"Oh Mr. Williams, please let me show you that I put the cheerleader uniform in locker 447 in the girl's locker room so that you can believe me and put an end to your suspicions of me," Summer begged.

"I tell you what Ms. Wayne, give me your pocketbook so that way I will know that you cannot leave the building until we resolve your visit to the boy's locker room. Go into the girl's locker room now, stand directly beside locker 447 and do not open it, replied Calvin.

"Yes sir, Mr. Williams I will do that right now," Summer said as she handed over her pocket book to the massive janitor.

Calvin took the pocketbook from the teacher and watched as she walked down the hall to the entrance to the girl's locker room. He then went into the boy's locker room and discovered that his two women employees had already cleaned the room, which meant that they had also cleaned the girl's locker room. He turned to leave when he looked into the shower area and saw the binding chain as well as the blindfold. "I wonder what the teacher was doing with these things in the boy's locker room," Calvin thought to himself.

Calvin decided that the binding material might come in handy while forcing the English teacher to offer up some incentives to keep him from turning her into Principal Harding. All kinds of thoughts went through his mind, but the first one was to get the teacher dressed in the uniform again.

Summer walked through the almost completely dark girl's locker room. As was the case in the boy's locker room, there was one overhead light on to provide light for security as well as the light emitted by the emergency exit signs over the doors. Summer did not dare turn on any more lights as she wanted to be as inconspicuous as was possible. She did not want to have to be made to wait with bright lights illuminating her this late at night in the girl's locker room.

Calvin purposefully walked around the boy's locker room checking to see if there were any other items that may have been left out for discovery. He was not sure why the chain bindings and blindfold were hung in the shower, but he was sure that the prim English teacher had a part in it.

Summer was standing beside locker 447 as she had been directed. She could feel sweat beginning to form under her nose and on her forehead. She was also getting that funny feeling in her stomach when she found herself in a humiliating situation. "Be calm, you have already given a good reason for your being in the boy's locker room," she said to herself.

Calvin continued to delay going onto the girl's locker room. He kept listening out for the female janitorial staff members because he did not want to get caught by them in the girl's locker room. But, more importantly, he did not want to be interrupted when he went in there to get his piece of Ms. Wayne.

Summer continued to stand beside the row of lockers next to number 447 as she had been directed. She felt very uneasy with the amount of time she was being made to wait by the big janitor. He was quite intimidating and he almost made Summer tremble when he confronted her coming out of the locker room and then saying that she would accuse him of being in the girl's locker room. Summer just wanted to get the explanation over, show him the locker containing the cheerleader uniform and then be allowed go home.

Summer heard the door to the girl's locker room open and then close. She assumed that it was Calvin, but she was not sure. Summer remained silent until she heard the janitor call out, "Ms. Wayne are you in here like I told you to be?"

"Yes Mr. Williams I am standing by locker 447 like you told me to do," replied the timid teacher.

Calvin smiled to himself as he wandered through the locker room smiling the air that was mixed with all sorts of different fragrances used by the girls of the high school. It had been a while since he had been the girl's locker room. He tried to avoid going into the room to avoid any issues with the students or parents. He relied on his female staff to take care of this locker room. But tonight, he was going to use the locker room for his benefit.

"Well, Ms. Wayne I can see that you can follow directions quite well," Calvin said as he approached the teacher.

"I just want to show you the contents of this locker, which should prove to you that I am telling the truth. I am uncomfortable with you questioning me like you did as I came out of the boy's locker room," Summer stated trying to take control of the conversation.

"Well Ms. Wayne, I am not sure how you showing me the contents of a locker will prove that you were in the boy's locker room chasing ghost sounds now will it," the big janitor said.

"No Mr. Williams, I do not expect you to believe my story just because of the contents of this locker. But, you should understand that the reason I even happened to be in the locker area was to deliver the cheerleader outfit back to this locker," Summer replied.

"Well, let's just see what is in the locker Ms. Wayne," Calvin said.

Calvin watched as Summer bent over to open the locker. Calvin got a pretty good view of Summer's ass and he could just make out the thin lines of her thong panties through the material of her black skirt. He watched as Summer reached into the locker and saw the cheer leader outfit in her hands as she stood back up.

"You see Mr. Williams, I am telling you the truth about the uniform," Summer said triumphantly.

"Well you know Ms. Wayne, I have already told you that I have seen you in the cheerleader uniform this evening. I saw you as you locked your classroom door, dropped your key and then watched as you walked down the hallway," Calvin replied.

"But, you know what Ms. Wayne, I did not see you carrying the clothes that you have on as you exited your classroom. So where were your clothes Ms. Wayne," Calvin said as he tightened his grip on the teacher.

"You saw me in the hallway Calvin," Summer questioned.

"Call me Mr. Williams when you address me. I am not some stupid janitor Ms. Wayne. I own the company that contracts with the school system. You address me respectfully," Calvin answered angrily.

Calvin immediately saw a change in the teacher's demeanor. He saw how she hung her head and could not look him directly in the eyes. She has some submissive tendencies he could see forming right in front of him.

Stepping closer to the teacher, he held out her purse and he placed it in her hand. Looking into Summer's eyes Calvin noticed the white rhinestone color around the teacher's neck. He stared at the collar until he heard the teacher speak to him.

"Mr. Williams, I am sorry that I addressed impolitely though it was not my intention. I thought that we could be on more friendly terms as we discuss what I was doing down here in the locker area," Summer trying to be as moderate, but strong in her reply.

"Well, I am used to women referring to me as Mr. Williams and I expect that from you given the situation," Calvin once again sternly replied.

"So, Ms. Wayne, where were the clothes that you now have on? They were not in your arms as you left your classroom and your pocketbook is too small for you to have taken them from there," Calvin asked.

Summer still was unable to look up into the janitor's eyes. He towered over her and she was becoming more and more intimidated by him. Summer wanted to resolve the situation and get out of there as fast as possible. She looked up at the janitor and said, "Mr. Williams, my clothes were here in this locker. I had changed down here and then went back into the school building for my meeting for the cheerleader fundraising meeting."

"Ms. Wayne, do you take me for some kind of fool? Why do you think I will believe a flimsy story like that just because you are dressed sexy," Calvin replied.

"I do not believe that you came down here, stripped off your blouse, skirt and put on the cheerleader outfit. Then, after making that change, you want me to believe that you walked back through the school with your tits hanging out of the top and with the tops of your hose clearly showing as you walked," Calvin asked.

Summer felt like she was being boxed into a corner by the big, intimidating janitor. And, the fact that he was the stepfather of William Demps, who she had watched practically rape Marsha Edwards only minutes earlier made the situation even more demeaning as well as humiliating. She was getting deeper into a situation that she so desperately wanted to get out of, but Summer did not see a direct path right then.

"Please Mr. Williams, you have to believe me because that is the truth," Summer lied.

"Well let's say for arguments sake that I believe you. I have one question for you Ms. Wayne," Calvin said.

Seeing an opening for an exit out of the situation, Summer replied, "You can ask me anything Mr. Williams."

"That is good Ms. Wayne. Tell me, what are you doing with a dog collar around your neck at school," Calvin asked.

Summer was crest fallen. She had forgotten about the white rhinestone collar and now she was being asked about it by the man who had caught her coming out of the boy's locker room. The man who had seen her in the cheerleader uniform and had seek the magic marker tattoos that her young master had written on her ass cheeks. Summer's eyes were welling up with tears as she knew that she was in a familiar, but unwanted position with another dominate man.

"Mr. Williams, it is not really a dog collar. It is a leather necklace that my husband gave me and I like to wear it every so often," Summer continuing to lie hoping that at some point one would stick and she could get out of there.

"Oh, I see. Well then, why does your collar have a plate that says "Slut" on it then Ms. Wayne," Calvin asked closing in on the woman.

"You know Ms. Wayne, I am thinking that your story is just a bunch of cock and bull. I don't know what boy you were meeting in the locker room, but I am sure that Mr. Harding will be very interested in your story. Let's go up to my office and call him. I cannot afford for him to find out at some later date that you are having sex with one of the students and that he finds out that I caught you, but did not report you immediately," Calvin replied tightening the noose around the teacher's pretty neck.

"Mr. Williams please, please don't do that. I beg you to believe my story because it is the truth. I am not having sex with any of the boys here at the school," Summer replied hoping that the big janitor could not see the lie in her eyes.

"Well then, answer this question. You are an English teacher, yet you walk around dressed like a slut and now I find you walking out of the boy's locker room with a dog collar on that has an engraved plate with "Slut" lettering. What am I to think Ms. Wayne," Calvin asked the reeling teacher.

"The plate was supposed to stay hidden by my hair Mr. Williams," Summer replied tears starting to flow down her cheeks.

"Well Ms. Wayne, I think the collar, your clothes that you have on, the magic marker writing on your ass cheeks and the way your nipples are poking through your red blouse all add up to slut. You have to be fucking one of the students," Calvin said further tightening the noose on his new play thing.

Calvin continued, "Ms. Wayne we have to go ahead and call Mr. Harding. We cannot have a teacher that is a slut influencing the minds of our young people. I cannot have you influencing my stepson either. He has too much to lose even though he says you are his favorite teacher. I can certainly see why now."

"Wait a minute you slut. Had you just finished fucking my stepson in the boy's locker room when I caught you slinking out of the door," Calvin grasping the situation even more tightly.

"NO Mr. Williams, I was not fucking William in the locker room, I promise," Summer replied.

"Well looking at you now, I don't have any reason to believe you. Look at your skirt, it isn't even buttoned up all the way. It is a wonder it is staying up at all. God, you even have make-up on that makes you look like a slut," said Calvin.

Continuing, "I have had enough of this conversation. Let's go Ms. Wayne."

"Please Mr. Williams I was not having sex with William. I cannot afford to have you call Mr. Harding because of such an innocent situation," Summer pleaded.

"Why shouldn't I call the principal and tell him what a slut you are Ms. Wayne," replied Calvin.

"Mr. William please don't call him. I promise not to discuss this with anyone, just let me go home," said the trapped teacher.

"I cannot do that Ms. Wayne. I believe you are fucking a student and if Harding finds out that I knew, my company will lose its contract. I cannot afford to take that risk financially for a slut like you Ms. Wayne," Calvin replied.

"Mr. Williams please. Don't call Principal Harding. I cannot afford to be questioned about something that has not happened. Can't I convince you to just forget about it," asked the nervous teacher.

"Well slut, my not calling Mr. Harding will help you, but what protections do I have. I know you are fucking a student, I just do not know who. Convince me not to tell Harding about his slut teacher," Calvin said.

"Mr. Williams, I have done nothing wrong, please don't call Mr. Harding. I don't know how else to convince you," replied the teacher seeking higher ground.

"Well, you are the only one who will benefit from my not calling. What are you willing to do for me to keep me from calling Mr. Harding," Calvin asked.

"Whhhhaaa what do you mean Mr. Williams," Summer replied.

"I mean, what are you willing to do for me to keep me from calling Harding," Calvin replied.

"I still don't understand what you mean Mr. Williams," Summer sheepishly replied.

"I mean, what are you going to do for me to keep me from calling Mr. Harding and telling him what a slut you are. I would have to tell him that I suspect that you are fucking at least one of the boys at the school. Is that clearer for you Ms. Wayne," Calvin said quite strongly.

"Why are you demanding some type of payment from me Mr. Williams? We are only talking about you're not believing the reason for me to be in the boy's locker room," Summer replied hoping to change the conversation back to an escape.

Summer could feel the body heat of the janitor as he moved even closer to her. He had had one of his hands behind his back, which Summer had found quite disturbing. She did not know what he had behind his back, but she was afraid that it was some type of weapon that he might use to threaten her in some way.

"Well Ms. Wayne, I believe that you are fucking a student. And, I believe that you are very interested in some kinky forms of sex because look what I found in the boy's shower," Calvin said as he pressed closer to the now cowering teacher.

The intimidating, black janitor brought his left hand from behind him and showed the English teacher the binding restraints as well as the blindfold. He could see in Summer's eyes that she was being forced into a corner. He knew right away that she knew about the items and he was wondering if she had been subjected to them in the boy's locker room. "Boy, this is working better than I could have imagined," the janitor thought to himself.

"Well, slut are these yours," Calvin said as he shook the binding items directly in Summer's face, which made water drops splash onto the poor teacher's face and blouse. 

Calvin could see Summer's chest rising and falling as she drew shallow breathes. He could see that she did not know what to say because she recognized the items, but she could not bring herself to identify them.

Pressing further the janitor continued his now verbal assault on the teacher, "So, now we are talking about a teacher not only have sex with a student or students, but she also is engaging in some type of bondage right here at school in the locker rooms."

"Are these yours Ms. Wayne," Calvin hissed as he shook the items at her again.

All Summer could think to do was to look away from the wrist restraints and blindfold. It brought back to her mind the picture of William's large cock fucking into and out of the small cheerleader. Summer could almost hear her moans as Marsha's body was wracked in orgasm.

"So, now I think you realize the position you have gotten yourself into Ms. Wayne, or the name on your collar, "Slut", which do you think," Calvin said to the teacher as he pressed his body against Summer.

"Please Mr. Williams, I do not know where those came from. I am not having sex with a student. Please let me leave," Summer pleaded.

"Ok, slut there is the door. Get out of here because I don't have to have you in my office when I call Mr. Harding," Calvin said quite confidently.

Summer knew she was now trapped. The janitor had enough circumstantial facts to get Mr. Harding's attention. She would be called into the principal's office to be forced to answer many of the same questions that Calvin was asking her now. There would be no way for her to fully convince the principal that her actions were innocent especially given the fact that Calvin had seen her in the cheerleader uniform coming out of her classroom. And, the janitor had surmised correctly that she had had to change clothes in the locker room. Calvin just was not sure if she had changed in the girl's or boy's locker room. Either way she was cornered and Summer knew it.


"Oh God Mr. Williams, what will it take to get you to not call Principal Harding," Summer asked quite submissively.

"Now that is better Ms. Wayne my new slut. You are going to be my little plaything until such time as either I am tired of you or it becomes evident that you are a true slut and I can use you in my business dealings," Calvin replied.

The janitor moved back from the teacher who had accepted her fate. Summer could feel that familiar ache in her stomach when she knew she was with a dominant man and she knew that her body would be taking over her actions because she wanted to fulfill her deep need to please.

"Well, let's start with you following my directions," Calvin stated.

"Strip off your blouse and skirt. I want to see that body of yours," Calvin commanded.

Summer hesitated too long and her hesitation drew the ire of the big black janitor when he said, "Slut, strip off your clothes or I will rip them from that fine body of yours."

Summer lowered her head and raised her hands to the buttons of her red silk blouse. As she unfastened each button, more of her cleavage came into view for her new tormentor. Summer could feel her nipples hardening against the silk fabric, which did not go unnoticed by the janitor. 

When Summer reached the button at the top of her still unbuttoned skirt, she tugged on the shirt to pull it free of her skirt. Summer then unbuttoned the last two buttons of her blouse, which let the blouse open to reveal most of her chest, but it still covered her nipples.

"Take it off slut," Calvin hissed.

Summer started to turn around for some modesty, but her action was met with a quick, "Nope" from the janitor. Summer slowly slipped the blouse off of one then the other shoulder and she let it slip down her arms until it fell to the floor. Summer was now standing in front of the janitor with her breasts supported in her black lace shelf bra that did nothing to hide her erect nipples. Her skirt was still unbuttoned at her waist as in her haste to leave the boy's locker room, she had neglected to fasten each button, which is when her current situation started.

Calvin Williams' eyes almost popped out of his head. He had seen pictures of pierced nipples before, but he had never seen a woman's breast with piercings. The gold bar bell piercings made the teacher's nipples stand out proudly from her half dollar areolas. The bars were at the base of the nipples, which would make them stand erect all the time. Summer's bra did nothing to hide her nipples, but it did help to support her breasts and put her nipples on display quite nicely.

"Ok slut, take off your skirt," Calvin ordered.

Because her skirt was partially unbuttoned, all Summer had to do was unfasten one more button and the skirt easily slipped to the floor in a pool around her feet. Summer did not move or even look into the eyes of the intimidating janitor. She just waited for the next inevitable and humiliating instruction. But, she had to wait as her janitor tormentor was taking his time looking at her body. Summer could feel her pussy lips were exposed and the thin strip of material of her thong was pressed between them. That meant that her pussy lip piercings would soon be discovered by Calvin. Summer was deep in thought, not wanting to look at Calvin because she did not want him to see the desire building up inside her.

"Very nice my slut. Turn around and let me take a look at that sexy ass of yours," Calvin said.

Without hesitation, Summer turned around so that her back was now towards Calvin. She suddenly remembered her magic marker tattoos that her young master had placed on each ass cheek earlier in the evening.

"Wow you've got some serious whelps on your ass teacher. Who has been paddling you tonight, I wonder. And, who wrote that on your ass," Calvin questioned.

Summer did not reply. If she did, then she would be admitting to having sex with a student. She felt the better way to go was to avoid answering his question altogether in the hope that he would not press for further information. But, like all of Summer's previous thoughts when it came to dominant men, she was wrong again.

"Tell me slut, who paddled you and then wrote Ms. Wayne Cum Slut on your ass cheeks," Calvin commanded.

"If you must know Mr. Williams, it was my husband this morning. He did that to give me something to remember him by as he went out of town for a couple of days," Summer once again found herself lying to another man about her situation.

"Bend over and place the palm of your hands on that bench there in front of you slut," Calvin ordered.

Summer turned to her right and while facing the row of lockers, slowly lowered herself until she was bent ninety degrees. She placed her hands flat down on the bench. In this position, Summer's ass would be clearly visible to Calvin. 

Calvin then ordered, "Spread those legs slut. Just let those black heels slide outwards until you cannot spread them any further."

Summer slowly inched her feet further and further apart. The pressure of the bent position when combined with the stretching of her legs was causing the muscles in her thighs and stomach to begin to burn. Once she had spread her legs as far as she could, Summer slid her hands forward just a little to allow her fingers to slip over the edge of the bench so that she could better support herself, as well as to keep her from falling over.

Standing behind the exposed teacher was having a tremendous effect on the janitor. His cock was now more than semi erect and it was pressing against the material of his khaki slacks. Calvin had his iPhone out and began to take pictures of the slut bent before him. He made sure to focus on each ass cheek as well as the total picture of this woman complying with his demands. He glanced through the first couple of pictures when he noticed something shiny between the woman's legs.

"Put your head down on the bench slut and then grab your ass cheeks with each hand to spread them for me," Calvin ordered.

Summer hesitated because she thought that one of two things would occur. Either she would topple over when she tried to lower her head down to the bench or her feet would slip and she would tumble to the floor. But, her indecision caused her to feel the heat on her ass from a quick, hard slap on each.

Something inside her reacted more submissively when she was spanked. The shear act of being spanked brought back memories of her early years with her husband James who would spank her ass while he fucked her from behind. It had been years since he had aggressive fucked and spanked her, but Summer still remembered how she felt to have her ass spanked while being fucked.

Summer slowly lowered her head down until it rested on the hard wooden bench. The pressure of this position was causing her legs to begin to really burn as her muscles were stretched to their maximums. Summer, once convinced that she was balanced, reached around with both of her hands, grabbed each cheek and then spread them for Calvin's inspection.

"My lord teach, you are a slut. Those are very nice piercings. I bet your hubby sometimes ties those rings together so he doesn't have to worry about you fucking a neighbor or student," Calvin said with a mock laugh.

Summer did not respond. The sheer degrading act of being displayed to another dominant man was having the now normal effect on her. Summer could feel her pussy begin to moisten and she feared that it would not be too long, especially in this position that her juices would begin to flow out of her pussy and down her legs. Summer's legs were beginning to shake due to the exertion of maintaining the spread wide position. Her black, four inch ankle strap heels put additional pressure on her calves as they did nothing to support the spread position.

Calvin walked up behind Summer. She could feel his pants graze across her ass cheeks as he stepped closer to her. She felt his hands on her hips and then his fingers slipped under the thin side straps of her thong. Summer felt the thong being pulled down her hips and down her legs until it was stretched between her thighs so it could not be lowered any further without ripping. "Pull your feet together slut and let's get this thong off of you," Calvin ordered.

Summer slowly slid her feet together, which allowed the thong to slide down her legs to her ankles. But, the new position of her legs pressed together and her head pressed down onto the wooden bench made her hamstrings tighten to where she felt a cramp beginning in each. Summer felt hands around her ankles: first one then the other foot was lifted so that her thong was no longer around her feet. In this position, Calvin Williams' eyes were looking directly into the crack of Summer's ass and he could clearly see her swollen pussy lips. He also now knew that his new slut's pussy, ass hole and crack were cleanly shaven, which he loved in his women.

Summer felt his nose first and then his tongue sneaked between her ass cheeks. The janitor's tongue snaked its way down her ass crack until if found her swollen pussy lips. She felt his tongue first flick the piercings and then it found its way between her pussy lips. Calvin pushed his tongue strongly against the teacher's pussy lips and Summer tried in vain to keep it out. But, he either was too strong or her pussy lips were too weak as the tongue found its way inside her pussy.

Summer felt hands on her hips as she was being pulled back to meet the tongue that was now buried deep in her pussy. Calvin's nose was pressed against the bud of her anus and he worked the tip of his nose against it. Calvin slowly moved Summer backward and forward in rhythm with his tongue's assault on her pussy. Calvin was an expert in sucking a woman's pussy if he said so himself. But this pussy was some of the finest he had ever tasted. His tongue was buried deep inside the English teacher and he could feel her pussy muscles gripping his tongue.

As Calvin's tongue brought her closer to orgasm, Summer began to moan and push harder against the invading tongue. She needed another orgasm and the black janitor was going to give it to her. She loved how he was making her feel at that moment and she did not worry about anything, but achieving the orgasm that her body now craved.

Calvin could feel Summer's urgency in her thrusts back against his tongue and face. He continued to work his tongue in and out of her pussy, but he was mindful of not allowing her to cum until he was ready. As Summer's body began to push even harder back against his tongue, Calvin pushed back against the woman with his hands and was able to free his tongue from her pussy.

"Please don't stop Mr. Williams. I am so close to cumming," Summer pleaded.

"I am not ready for you to cum yet my slut. I have other plans for you at this moment," Calvin replied.

As he stood up, his fully erect cock pushing at the material of his pants and leaving a wet spot right where the head pressed tightly through his silk, bikini briefs underwear. He rubbed his cock a little to help it stand more erect in his pants. Now it was his turn to receive pleasure from this slut teacher.

"Ok slut, sit down on the bench and spread your legs as wide as you can," Calvin told the teacher.

Slowly and carefully, Summer raised herself up to a standing position. With the rush of blood to her head, she almost toppled over, but she was able to catch herself. She turned around and sat down on the same place where only seconds ago her head was pressed down onto the bench.

When she looked up, she could see the huge bulge in the janitor's pants. She thought to herself if it was the same size as the cock of his stepson, which she had seen in the shower as he powerfully fucked poor Marsha, she may not be able to take the cock into her mouth. Once Summer had spread her legs fully, Calvin moved forward until he was standing directly in front of the teacher with his cock almost at her eye level.

"Unzip my pants slut and take out my cock," Calvin ordered.

Without hesitation, Summer first unfastened the janitor's wide black belt, next she unbuttoned the front opening of his pants. Summer then grabbed the zipper clasp and slowly lowered the zipper. As his pants became loose, they easily slid down his big, powerful thighs and landed with a thud as the big belt buckle hit the tile floor. Next Summer reached up to pull down the janitor's silk underwear.

"Not with your hands slut. Use your teeth," Calvin ordered.

Calvin pressed forward which allowed Summer to place her face against the taunt abdomen of the janitor. She opened her mouth and caught the waist band of the bikini in her teeth and slowly tugged it away from his abdomen. Once she did this, the large head of Calvin's cock sprung free from the confines of the black briefs. The head plopped against Summer's nose. Summer worked her way to the right and the left as she slowly was able to work the underwear over the janitor's hips and over his ass. It was grueling for her to only use her teeth, but she eventually was able to free the entire cock from the briefs.

Summer could see the thick bush surrounding the cock and balls of the janitor. She could smell his dried sweat from his pubic area. She continued using her mouth to work the underwear down past his balls and onto his thighs. At this point, Calvin's huge erection rested comfortably on the top of the teacher's head. His cock involuntarily jerked in reaction to the close proximity of the woman's mouth.

Calvin looking down and training his iPhone was able to capture the action of the teacher as she used her mouth to lower his underwear. He was able to capture her face completely and there was no doubt as to who was manipulating his underwear releasing his cock. Summer leaned forward and with her head between the massive thighs of the janitor, her newest tormentor, pressed down on the briefs forcing them to fall down his legs. Summer felt that large cock of the janitor resting on her head. She remained bent over with her head between Calvin's legs waiting for his next command.

"Alright my teacher slut, sit back up straight on the bench," Calvin commanded.

Summer backed out from between the thighs of the janitor and sat up straight on the bench. As she rose up from her bent position the janitor's cock slipped by her face and Summer was shocked at the size, girth and weight of the cock. She also noticed that the head of the cock was secreting pre-cum already.

"Now slut, I am going to place my cock on your lips. You are going to lick the head of my cock until it is nice and slippery. Then you are going to cup my balls with one hand and with the other you will guide my cock past your lips and teeth to the back of your throat. You will not bite my cock or you will be sorry," Calvin said as he held the teacher's head in his hands slightly squeezing her temples to add emphasis to his words.

Summer's mouth was only inches from Calvin's cock. He was standing between her legs with the inside of her thighs pressed up against the outside of the massive thighs of the janitor. Calvin drew Summer's head forward and as the tip of his cock touched Summer's lips, he saw her tongue dart between her lips to begin to lick the head of his cock. Calvin watched as Summer gave his cock a warm bath with her saliva. The contrast of the teacher's red lipstick covered lips and her pink tongue circling the head of his cock was captured on his iPhone. He had wrapped his left hand tightly into the teacher's hair while holding the phone to his face with his other hand.

Calvin captured several images of Summer's face with her eyes closed, but her tongue and lips wrapping around his cock. Looking down, Calvin said, "Slut, open your eyes, suck the head of my cock into your mouth. Make me feel like you want my cum."

Calvin pressed his hips forward while pulling the teacher's head forward with his left hand. He felt the head of his cock pop into the teacher's mouth and he pressed forward just a little to give the teacher time to adjust to the cock. Calvin did not want his first blow job from his newest slut to not go well. He was a patient man and he knew that his cock was bigger than normal. He wanted this slut to become used to its size as well as the cum he planned on dumping down the teacher's throat and into her stomach.

When he felt like she had adjusted, Calvin pressed his cock forward into Summer's mouth while using his left hand pulling her head forward. Summer was tightly gripping the base of Calvin's cock trying to push back against his groin to prevent the cock from being forced down her throat or ripping her lips. She, as instructed, was massaging Calvin's large hairy balls while her face was being slowly fucked by his monster cock.

"Open your eyes slut and look at me," Calvin commanded.

Summer opened her eyes and was met with a flash from the camera, which Calvin held in his right hand. Summer's eyes blinked immediately and tears began running down her cheeks from the exertion she was making to take the cock into her mouth without gagging because of its size. Summer was also breathing heavily through her nostrils as there was no air coming into her mouth.

"Keep your eyes open slut while I let you suck my cock," Calvin ordered.

Slowly Calvin began to work more of his cock into the teacher's mouth. He felt Summer fighting the advance of his cock head as it approached the back of her throat. Summer was sure that at any moment the large cock would be jammed down the back of her throat and probably tearing a hole in her throat cavity. But to her surprise, she felt the cock being pulled back and almost out of her mouth.

"Suck the head slut, lick it and coax my cum down your throat," Calvin directed.

Summer immediately began moving her mouth up and down the cock head. The head had to be at least three inches in length. With her right hand, Summer began to pump the thick shaft hoping to cut short the assault on her mouth. With her left hand, Summer massaged the two large hairy balls trying her best to milk the cum out of the balls and into her mouth to end her humiliating ordeal.

Calvin was quite pleased with the enthusiasm that his slut teacher was showing him and his cock. He had switched the camera settings to video and he was capturing the teacher's efforts to suck the cum right out of his cock. Unfortunately for the teacher, Calvin knew that though a blow job is great, his cum will be deposited deep in the slut's pussy tonight. There will be other times during the day when he would have the English teacher come down to his office for some type of service request and he would let her make payment with a blow job.

Calvin felt his cock harden just a little more intensely signaling that he was heading towards an orgasm. He did not want to pull out of the slut's mouth just yet, so he thought of the times he was going to have with the English teacher in the future. He kept recording her efforts because at his poker meeting on Saturday night, he was going to be sharing the face of his newfound slut with his poker buddies. Calvin imagined having Summer serve as hostess for the night and ultimately being the prize for the big winner for the night. His playing partners were all business clients and she would be an asset to his efforts to get more business. He would have to find a way to make sure her identity remained safe, but that was an issue for another day.

Calvin put the phone back in his shirt pocket. Using both hands, he pulled the teacher's lips from his cock head while she fought to keep it in her mouth. Summer did not release her grip on the base of the cock or on his balls. Summer tried her best to suck the cock head back into her mouth, but she was not successful. She feared what was about to happen to her and she imagined a trip to the hospital with a damaged pussy as the reason.

Calvin kneeled down onto the floor. He grabbed each of Summer's legs by her knees and scooted her ass towards him until it was on the edge of the bench. In that position, his cock was poised directly at the mouth of his slut's pussy. Calvin spread Summer's legs further and rested the back of her knees in the palms of each of his hands. He then inched cock to the mouth of Summer's pussy and slightly inserted the large head into the mouth of her pussy. He could see the rings in her lips on either side of his cock which was a very good contrast.

"Ok, slut. I want you to relax as I slide my cock into that tight pussy of yours. Don't worry, I am not going to damage your pretty little pussy, but I am going to dump a very large load of hot cum into it," Calvin said with an authoritative voice.

"Please Mr. Williams, don't put that monster in me. Please let me suck your cock," Summer begged.

"There will be time for that my slut teacher. But, tonight, I am burying my cock in that tight pierced pussy of yours," Calvin replied.

"Stop calling me Mr. Williams. From now on, no matter where you see me, you will refer to me as Sir," Calvin commanded.

"Yes Sir," was Summer's response.

With the teacher's legs cradled in his hands, Calvin pulled her pussy towards his cock. At the same time, Calvin pushed his pelvis forward and was able to push the head of his cock into the wet and waiting pussy of the English teacher. He paused for a couple of seconds and then Calvin started to push his cock deeper into the teacher's pussy. He pulled back a little and then pushed his cock back into the ever moistening teacher's pussy. He had to admit that this former prim and proper teacher had the pussy of a young woman. Summer's pussy muscles continued to grab and hold onto the janitor's massive cock. Summer felt her body begin to shiver as the full girth of the monster cock began to stretch her pussy lips as more and more of the cock slipped past the piercings.

Summer looked down between her wide spread legs and watched as Calvin expertly fucked his cock slowly in and out of her pussy. She watched as her pussy lips became more swollen with each thrust of the big black cock. Summer felt familiar feelings in the pit of her stomach as her body approached another orgasm. She watched the cock pull almost out of her pussy and then be pushed deeper with each thrust. Summer did not know how long the cock was, but the girth and width felt like a baseball bat.

Suddenly, when Calvin pushed his cock in another inch, the tip of his cock hit Summer's special place and she erupted in orgasm. She flooded the shaft and her juices ran out of her pussy onto the bench. Calvin could feel the teacher cumming around his cock and he speeded up his thrusts. He was not able to fully insert his cock, but he felt pretty sure that he was burying about nine inches of his cock with each thrust. 

"Oh God Sir, you are making me cum," Summer shouted. She no longer cared who might hear her as her body determined her response.

"That's it slut, let me feel that cum. Coat my cock with your pussy juices. Fuck me harder slut," Calvin said to the now thrashing teacher.

Calvin released the teacher's legs so he could grab Summer's ass cheeks so he could work more of his cock into her pussy. He felt Summer's legs slide down his ribs and then she placed black heels squarely on his hips using the leverage to try to get more of his cock into her pussy.

Summer was just coming down from her orgasm, when Calvin was able to push another inch of his cock into the teacher's erupting pussy. That extra inch in her pussy caused Summer to erupt again and this time she began to squirt her juices all over the cock imbedded inside her pussy, his balls and the bench.

"God you are one hot fuck teach. Take all of my cock you slut," Calvin grunted.

"Oh God no sir, I cannot take all of your cock. It is too big," Summer pleaded even as her heels dug into the hips of the janitor.

Calvin got into a rhythm with his new found slut and was able to work ten inches into her without causing too much pain. He began to quicken his pace and he saw Summer's eyes wide open looking into his. He could see both fear and ecstasy on her face, but she would not release her grip on his cock or his hips. "Grab your nipples slut and pull them hard," Calvin ordered.

Summer raised her hands up from their supporting position on the bench and grabbed each nipple as well as the bar bell piercings. She began to twist and pull the nipples as Calvin had demanded. Summer pulled the nipples away from her body and stretched them as far as she could. Once Summer had pulled the nipples as far as they could be pulled, she began to twist each nipple in rhythm with Calvin's pelvic thrusts. "Oh God sir, fuck me deeper," Summer gasped.

Calvin tried his best to accommodate the new slut. He pushed as hard as he could until his cock head hit the very top of Summer's vaginal passage. He knew that he could hit it harder, but he did not want to damage his new found slut. He just kept sliding his cock deep into Summer's pussy always touching the deepest most recesses of her pussy. He felt her begin to shiver and he thrust once again deeply into her pussy when she erupted in a third orgasm.

"Sir, what are you doing to me? I am cumming again," Summer said as her voice tailed off.

"Don't worry my slut. Get ready for your sir's cum," Calvin shouted as he buried his cock a little deeper into Summer and his cum splashed against the inner most region of her pussy that had never been touched by a man's cock. The black dildo that her young master had made her masturbate on earlier in the evening was just as long, but a man who knew how to use a big cock was making her orgasm like never before.

Summer felt her pussy being flooded by the hot jism of her newest tormentor. She tried to pull him deeper with the heels of her black ankle strap shoes. Her nipples were stretched to their full length and her pussy was trying to grab to hold onto the erupting cock. Calvin pushed one last time and then left his cock buried in the slut teacher while he felt her pussy muscles massaging his cock.

After a minute, Calvin started to pull his cock out of his teacher slut. His retreat was met with a moan and a plea to not pull out. But, it was time for another training of his new slut. Calvin and Summer watched as the black cock was pulled all the way out of her pussy. Her legs were still splayed open and she could see cum leaking out of her pussy. She could see her swollen pussy lips and she could feel air rushing into her pussy that was still gaping open from the size and girth of the janitor's cock.

Calvin forced Summer's legs down off of his hips. He pushed them down until the heels hit the tile floor with a click. He then stood up with his underwear and pants down around his ankles. He pushed his hips forward and grabbing the sides of Summer's head forced the tip of his cock to her lips.

"Now slut. It is time for you to clean my cock. I cannot have your pussy juices on my cock when I go home tonight. So get busy and lick my cock clean," Calvin ordered.

Summer had no choice but to begin to lick her juices as well as Calvin's cum from his cock. She started with the tip and in a circular motion began to clean her newest tormentor's cock. She tasted his cum as well as her juices. She had never really tasted her juices before, but she found the combination of juices erotic. Calvin could hear the quiet slurping sounds of his new teacher slut. It was a site that he could never get used to, but he thoroughly enjoyed when a slut licked her cum as well as his from his cock. And this teacher slut seemed to be really enjoying her task.

When he was satisfied that his new slut had sufficiently cleaned his cock, Calvin bent over and pulled up his underwear as well as his pants. Then he instructed, "Slut, zip up my pants, button my pants and then fix my belt."

Once Summer had completed this task, she looked up and begged, "Sir, do you agree not to talk to Mr. Harding about finding me coming out of the boy's locker room?"

"I cannot say just yet my slut. We have several more meetings to work out before I will agree to keep my mouth shut," Calvin said.

Continuing, "You have no choice now slut. I have evidence of your bondage activities here at school and even though I cannot prove it yet, I know you are fucking students." 

"But, sir, I thought that I had satisfied your demand for payment," Summer pleaded.

"Well it is a good start my slut, but you have more payments to make," Calvin responded.

"Sir, can I please go home now," Summer pleaded.

"Well not just yet my slut," Calvin responded. "We need to make sure you understand the new rules for you."

Calvin continued with his new slut, "Stand-up slut."

Summer did as she was instructed as she felt the cum that her newest tormentor had just deposited into her aching pussy. She saw that the big janitor had the restraints and blindfold in his hands.

"Put your arms straight out in front of you slut," were Calvin's next instruction. Summer did as she was instructed. She then felt first her right then her left wrist being enclosed by the straps of the restraints that were just used on poor Marsha by Melanie and William Demps. Now, William's stepfather was using the bindings on her.

Next she heard Calvin command, "Now move to the pole in the middle of the room."

Summer's heels made the familiar clicking noise as she crossed the floor with the janitor trailing right behind her. Once she reached the pole she heard, "Slut, face the pole and reach up with your hands to grab the pole." Once she had done this she heard, "Now put your nose against the pole and do not move."

Summer reached up as far as she could to grab the pole and leaned forward until her nose was pressed against the pole. Next she felt the big janitor's body pressed up against her back. She felt his hands on her wrists and then her arms were jerked upwards until she was standing on her the toes of her black ankle strap heels. She felt the chain between her wrists being twisted and then pulled even higher. When her arms were released, Summer found that the chain between the wrist straps had been secured to the pole on a hook that had been molded into the support pole during casting. She could not imagine what purpose the hooks had been conceived in the original design, but they worked perfectly in securing a person's arms above their head.

Next the lights went out for Summer as Calvin placed the blindfold that Melanie had been placed on Marsha earlier in the boy's shower. She was now in a familiar position after having been bound basically in the same position at Bill Fraser's adult store earlier in the week. Summer's whole body now shivered at the thought that her janitor master would leave her in this position for discovery by a student or a member of the administrative staff. Or even worse, one of the coaches of the school, especially Gwen Barton, who was known to be a lesbian of the butch variety.

Summer pleaded with her newest tormentor, "Sir, please don't do this to me."

"Listen slut, I wanted to get your attention and to let you know what will happen to you if I ever feel that you have disobeyed any of my instructions," Calvin replied.

"This pole can be used for both pleasure and punishment," he continued. "If you do as you are told, I will be very happy. But, if you displease me from this point forward, this will be all the reminder that you will need."

With that, Summer felt Calvin move away from her. The next thing she heard was the belt buckle on his pants being loosened. Her fear of punishment was realized when she heard the whoosh from the sound of the belt being wielded by the big, black janitor. Summer's ass erupted in fire when the first of the five lashes were applied to the whelps that she had already received earlier in the evening from her young master. Now she was being subjected to reinforcement lashes from her newest dominant man whom she must now serve.

"I promise Sir that I will follow your instructions and demands," Summer said without any coaxing or questioning from the janitor.

Calvin, reaching to rub the fire red ass cheeks of his newest slut, replied, "That is a good slut. Obviously, I will hold you to that commitment."

Calvin then went about detailing to his teacher slut that she should expect a call from him at any point and she was to meet him in his office at the time required of her. She was to go into his office, close the door, strip off all of her clothes except for her heels and hose, which she was now required to wear every day (Calvin of course did not know about Summer's servitude to Master T). Next she was to stand in the corner of that office with her hands raised above her head pressed flat against the wall. Summer was advised that her feet were to be spread as wide as possible and she was not to turn her head until instructed to do so. If she violated any of these instructions, her punishment would begin with the current position she was in at that moment in the girl's locker room, or worse yet in the boy's locker room.

"Do you understand slut," Calvin asked the teacher.

"Sir, I understand, but I am not able to leave to meet you at just any time. I have classes and student responsibilities. I also have responsibilities outside of school. I would ask that you be compassionate with me sir," the teacher pleaded.

"Well slut, we will see how good of a slut you can be. Once you show me that, I will consider your requests," offered the janitor.

"Slut, I am done with you this evening. I am going to unhook your arms, but you are not allowed to lower them. Once you hear me exit the locker room, you may lower your arms, dress and then leave. You may replace the restraints where you had left them before in the boy's shower. See you tomorrow my slut teacher," Calvin

With those words, Summer's world was now controlled by two people at her school. She had been under the directions of her young master, Todd, and now she would be subject to the directions of Calvin Williams who is the school's janitor as well as the step father of the football team's best player, William Demps. Summer was being betrayed by her body from the exertion of the recent binding, the belt lashes, the multiple orgasms since school ended, the stimulation of serving Todd in her classroom, watching the near rape of Marsha Edwards and now her pussy being filled with the cum of the school janitor.

Summer heard the locker room door close and she lowered her arms as she had been instructed. As she lowered her arms, she grabbed the sides of the blindfold and took it from her eyes. She was surprised to find that the room was still dimly lit by the one overhead light as well as by the emergency sign lights. She took off the wrist restraints.

Summer quickly walked back to locker number 447. She picked up her skirt and slid it up her legs. She then pulled on her red silk blouse and quickly buttoned all but the top two buttons, which was a requirement by Master T. Summer bent over to pick up her black lace thong. When she did this, Summer felt a large glob of cum leak out of her stretched pussy and begin to run down her legs. Summer quickly wiped her legs with the thong and then stepped into the now cum soaked garment. She adjusted the thong to make sure that no more cum leaked out of her pussy. She could feel the thin crotch material of her thong become instantly wet, but she did not feel any leakage.

Summer quickly gathered up her purse, restraints, blindfold, headed out of the girl's locker room and into the hallway. She hesitated to make sure that there was no noise coming from the boy's locker room before going in. Having heard none, Summer pulled the heavy wooden door to the locker room open and walked quickly across the tile floor. The clicking of her heels on the floor echoed through-out the vacant locker room. She found her way into the boy's shower to the fourth water column.

Summer reached up and placed the wrist restraints as far up the column as she could, but not exactly in the same place that they were in before, but she did not care. She wrapped the blindfold around the faucets and then began her walk of shame out of the locker room. She got to the door, but before exiting, Summer listened for noise in the corridor. Hearing none and hoping that when she bolted through the door that she would not run into anyone else this evening she pushed the door open.

Luckily, Summer was able to exit the locker room, turn left and head out of the gym building. When she hit the door to the outside, she was happy that it was not securely locked and she was able to exit the building still undetected. Now the hard part was to navigate through the buildings and come out near the faculty parking lot. She had been in the building since before 8:00 PM. It was now 11:00 PM and it was pitch black dark. She made her way past one of the lower classroom buildings, which housed all of the senior level classes. Her car would be just ahead and too her left.

As she walked briskly up the sidewalk that ran beside all of the class room buildings, she could hear each of her footsteps in rhythm with the echoes coming back to her ears from the buildings. She broached the top of the side walk and saw her car in the lot, but not where she had left it. Her car was now on the front level of the lot facing the street that ran right in front of the school.

Not lingering to ponder how or by whom her car was moved, Summer raced out into the lot. When she reached her car door, she found her car keys in the door with a note attached to them. Whoever had moved her car had also put the top down on her BMW convertible. Summer put her pocketbook on the driver's seat and pulled her keys out of the door lock. She touched the note and knew that it was from her young master.

Summer leaned against the car and opened the folded note:

My Slut,

You were terrific tonight. I appreciate the promptness with which you presented your body to me for submission. You are truly becoming a willing slut. Now, your next test is to strip off your skirt & blouse here in the parking lot. However, because I do not trust you completely yet, you must first place your iPhone on the dash of your car and turn the video record button on. I want you to record your adherence to my requirement. Once you have completed this task, you are free to get into your car and drive home with the top down of course. Once home, you must take a picture of yourself in your driver's seat when you have pulled into your garage to verify that you arrived as required. Once inside your home, you will send both the video and picture to me for verification. Have a safe drive home slut.

Master T

Summer looked around and immediately knew why her young master had selected this particular parking spot. The street lamp cast a bright light on her car and she would be clearly visible to any passing car. Summer knew she had to act quickly. She threw the car keys onto the driver's seat and withdrew her iPhone from her purse. She clicked on the camera logo, slid the touch screen to video and pressed start. Summer then placed the camera on the dash of her car and angled it to take in her strip tease.

Summer immediately unbuttoned the top three buttons on her skirt. As it fell to her feet, she started unbuttoning her red silk blouse. Summer quickly slipped the sleeves of her red silk blouse down her arms. She threw the blouse on the passenger seat, bent down to retrieve her black skirt, tossed it onto the passenger seat and then she got into the car. Summer stopped the recording and played back the images. She was satisfied that her young master would be convinced that she had in fact done as he required. She thought about at least putting the blouse back on, but she could not risk that he might be watching her from some vantage point either at school or along the way to her house.


Summer turned the ignition just as a fire truck screamed past the school followed by an ambulance and police car. Thank goodness she had quickly followed Master T's instructions. Summer put the car in reverse, backed out of the space and then sped out of the school parking lot. Summer navigated home via roads that should be devoid of traffic this late at night. The roads were through quiet neighborhoods where there was only a minimal chance of discovery. She found herself relieved when she drove into garage, closed the garage door and turned off the ignition. 

Summer opened the camera option on her phone again and took a quick flash to show that she was still only dressed in her black shelf bra and thong along with her hose, black heels as well as her slut collar. She grabbed up all of her belongings and headed into the sanctuary of her home, ran upstairs, threw her belongings on the floor and collapsed face down on her bed.

The alarm rang out at 5:00 AM for some reason. Her phone rang about five minutes later and it was the voice he hated to hear:

"Hello slut. Don't say anything, just listen. Today, you are to wear your button up blue jean skirt, your white almost shear blouse, your beige lace bra & thong set, beige thigh hi hose and let's wear your red four inch pumps. See you at the donut sales booth this morning. You are to buy two doughnuts and take them to your room. I will give you more instructions then. Don't forget to weigh this morning. Goodbye slut.........................

Summer's day at school on Friday begins her weekend with a gang bang. Then on Saturday she has a hairstyle change, manicure & pedicure, goes clothes shopping and then takes a trip to an adult theater. Sunday brings her to Marcos' salon for new piercings and tattoos. I will try to get the next story posted before New Year's! Happy Holidays to all of my faithful readers. I really appreciate your comments and VOTES. 


