chapter 17

It is now Friday morning and Summer is sleeping so soundly that she does not hear the alarm at first. The alarm rang out at 5:00 AM for some reason. Her phone rang about five minutes later and it was the voice he hated to hear:

"Hello slut. Don't say anything, just listen. Today, you are to wear your button up blue jean skirt, your beige almost shear blouse, your beige lace bra & thong set, beige thigh hi hose and let's wear your red four inch pumps. See you at the donut sales booth this morning. You are to buy two doughnuts and take them to your room. I will give you more instructions then. Don't forget to weigh this morning. Goodbye slut... 

Summer, laying in the comfort of her Egyptian cotton sheets, began to cry. She did not think her world could get any worse, but her young master was back in town, but that was only part of her issues this morning. She now was subject to calls from the school janitor, Calvin Williams. He had forced her to please him in the girl's locker room last night and she found that the more dominant he was with her the more submissive and willing to please she became. 

Summer's thoughts went back to Calvin and his large cock. Then, she thought about his step son, William Demps, and how she watched him fuck poor Marsha Edwards in the boy's shower as it had been arranged by Melanie Hart. Summer's hands began to rub her stomach and breasts as her mind carried her back to the erotic events in the locker rooms. Her mind also found its way back to her class room when she was on her desk awaiting the arrival of her young Master T.

Todd Spillers had started all of this and she could not find a way to extricate herself out of the dangerous yet erotic situation in which she finds herself. Summer knew that she was in trouble, but her body now craved the attention as well as domination that she was receiving. She had always tried to please her husband James, but he was not the dominant type. Todd, for a young man, was very dominant and he knew which of her buttons to push.

Summer's fingers found their way to the erect clit now moistened because of her thoughts. Her right hand found the slit between her pussy lips and she stroked herself there until her fingers were soaked with her juices. Summer then ran her fingers up to her even more erect clit and began to circle the small head with her middle two fingers. Her left hand found her breasts where she alternated between each by pulling and twisting.

Summer's hips began to move to meet the demands of the fingers of her right hand. She quickened her pace and increased the pressure she was applying to her nipples. Summer noticed that the piercings in her nipples no longer hurt when twisted or pulled. She did notice that when they were squeezed, there was some residual pain, but she was pleased that she healed quickly from the piercings she only received last Saturday.

Maybe it was the early morning alarm. Or, it could have been hearing her young master's voice so early in the morning. Or, it could be the combination of the mental stimulation she was receiving from flashbacks from last night as well as the early hour and her master's voice. But no matter the reasons, her body was soon rocketing towards the first of what Summer knew would be many orgasms directed by her young master.

Summer finished her bathroom routine and then immediately slipped on her white lace thong panties and her six inch white slut heels. She grabbed her sheer white satin robe, but only draped it over her arm as she walked from her bedroom and down the wooden stairs to the main level of her house.

When Summer reached the main floor, she turned to her left and headed to the front door. She wanted to get the morning paper to read with her coffee. She knew that her day was going to be bad. Summer wanted to at least have a small respite from the pending humiliations and manipulations that she would be subjected to at the hands of her young master as well as at the hands of the janitor most likely.

Summer retrieved the paper from her front porch without any issues. She heard her heels clicking on the hardwood flooring echo through-out the main floor of her house as she walked back to the kitchen. She placed the paper on the center island of the kitchen and turned on the Keurig one cup coffee maker. While the water heated, Summer casually thumbed through the morning edition of the city paper. She found that her readings went to the metro section of the paper as that was the area of the paper where local news items were posted. She placed a container of hazelnut coffee into the brew station, pressed start and watched as the hot liquid filled her favorite cup.

Summer took her coffee and paper out onto the back patio of her house where she sat in her favorite patio chair. It was a rather warm morning for September and she felt like a little fresh air would help her get ready for her day. She then thought back to the sexual assault that her best friend Lisa and her husband Steve forced on her this past Sunday afternoon. She became wet thinking about being forced to fuck herself with the Corona beer bottle. She was hopeful that her nosey next door neighbor, Mr. Johnson, had not been home to witness her debauchery.

Summer was dressed only in her white thong and six inch heels as was required by her young master. She was not worried about being seen as her patio was completely private. She saw where the landscape crew had repaired the sprinkler head as well as the lawn that had been damaged by the leaky head. Summer casually sipped at her hazelnut coffee and absentmindedly thumbed through the paper. Her mind was taken back to laying on the lounge chair as Lisa's husband Steve fed his cock into her just pierced pussy. She was amazed at how far she had fallen since sending that stupid picture of herself. And now, she was wondering why in the world she had ever gone to that website. She was bored of course, but why did she do it? Well that was a question for another day.

Summer poured the remnants of her coffee into the shrubby as she headed back inside. She could hear her footsteps as the white heels clicked across the tile floor of the kitchen as her cellphone rang. She looked down and saw the feared number, Master T. 

"Hi Master T," Summer said.

"Good morning my slut. How are you feeling today," Todd asked.

"Master T, I am ok, but growing concerned about your continued domination of me. I am your teacher. It is time for you to stop and let me go about my life as a teacher, mother and wife," Summer meekly replied.

"Well Slut, I will determine when I no longer desire to have you serve me as my slut," Todd angrily said into his phone.

"But, Master T, I have done everything you have asked of me since I sent you that very private picture. Can't you just let it go at that? I am not sure how much longer I can go on this way," cried the poor English teacher.

"Slut, get over it. You are mine to control until I decide I no longer need you to please me," Todd replied. Continuing, "Ok slut, I will give you what you want. I release you. I am hopeful that your husband and children will be able to live with a slut like you when they see the attached picture."

The phone went dead.

With that, Summer's phone pinged announcing a text message. As she clicked on the text message, a picture of her lying face down on her desk at school with black thigh hi's, black four inch heels, her white rhinestone collar, pink butt plug clearly visible in her ass and her mouth open showing the cum that Todd had deposited in her mouth. The picture reflected the Ms. WAYNE CUM SLUT that Todd had written across the top of her ass cheeks and on each ass cheek. There was no doubt who she was, what was in her mouth and the message made it clear what she was.

Her phone rang again and Summer quickly answered, "Master T, I am sorry. Please forgive me."

"That is better slut," Todd quickly replied.

"Go upstairs and get on your digital scales. Call me when you determine your weight and you had better weigh 125 pounds or there will be hell to pay," Todd said. 

The phone went silent again.

Summer placed her empty coffee cup in the dishwasher, refolded the newspaper like James had shown her before and then she headed upstairs with dread. As she reached the top of the stairs, the home phone began to ring. Summer rushed to the phone in the bedroom and her hello was met with "Hi Mom," from Jacob one of her boys. They exchanged some pleasantries for a couple of minutes and then Summer was shocked.

"Mom, I got a weird message in my email from an unknown email address today," Jacob said. Continuing, "Mom, the message said that there were issues at home that maybe I should call and check on. So, is everything ok mom," Jacob asked.

Summer had to quickly compose herself. She knew immediately that the message had been sent by her young master and it was a specific message to her.

"Oh son, everything is great here. Well except for your father being out of the country until the first of November," Summer said with conviction.

"Well mom, why would someone send me an anonymous message, but not Kevin," Jacob asked.

"I don't know Jacob, but I would not worry about it. Other than missing your father, I am doing well. When are you two coming home to see me," Summer asked hoping to change the tone and conversation.

"We were thinking about coming home next weekend for Homecoming. I know we are playing Wesley and they beat us when we played, so it would be nice to see the Eagles kick their butts," Jacob replied.

"Oh that would be wonderful Jacob. That is next weekend and I have no plans. It would be great to spoil my two boys all weekend. Let me know as soon as you can if you guys are coming," said Summer.

"Ok mom will do. Thanks for letting me know that you were ok. It must have been an email that my spam detector did not catch. Talk to you soon," Jacob said and hung up the phone.

Sitting on her bed, Summer began to sob incoherently at the thought of her children coming home and finding out that their mother was a submissive slut to a high school student. Further complicating things was the realization that the treatment she received from the school janitor only further strengthened her feelings of submissiveness.

Suddenly, her cell phone rang and once again she found the caller number to be her young master. She answered the phone abruptly, "How dare you write to my son. I have done everything you have demanded of me and yet you send a menacing not to them. Why?"

"Because you are my slut and you need to fully comprehend that if you do not do as you are instructed, your life as a teacher, mother and wife will cease to exist for you. I would imagine that the bitches in prison would love to get their hands on you slut. So, you decide, are you going to do as you are told whenever you are told or are you ready to suffer the consequences of your involvement with a high school student," Todd said.

The line went dead again and it left Summer trembling almost uncontrollably. She was now completely trapped in her servitude to her high school master. He had already illustrated to her how easy it will be for him to shatter her world. For now, Summer knew she had to be compliant with any and all instructions given to her by her young master. She hoped that when her husband James came home they could find a way to extricate her from the situation.

Summer quickly shed her white six inch heels and pulled her white lace thong panties down her legs. She padded across the Berber carpet that led to her slate tile floor bathroom. She stepped on her digital scales and saw where her weight was reported at 127 pounds. Oh My God she thought to herself. I have starved myself all week to meet the required five pound weight loss. Summer remembered that she had not been on her treadmill all week, which had been complicated by her night time excursions, the daily tanning trips, body recovery from the abuse she has to which she had been subjected and the general depressed mindset she suffered.

With trembling fingers, Summer punched in her young master's phone number. The phone rang one time. "I see that you have not followed my instructions slut. You have only lost three pounds this week. What do you have to say for yourself slut," Todd asked harshly.

"Master T, I do not understand. I have almost starved myself this week. I can only say that I have not been able to work out utilizing my treadmill and small gym in the basement of my house. I am so sorry Master T. Please do not punish me. I will do everything I can to lose the two extra pounds this weekend. Please Master T," Summer pleaded.

"Well slut, you have been busy this week. I tell you what, we can start working on those two pounds on Saturday morning. But, today, you have to get busy and get to school. Dress as required and I will see you at the cheerleader fundraiser booth," Todd said just before the phone went dead in Summer's ear.

Summer was relieved that she would not suffer immediate punishment from her young master because she did not accurately track her weight loss. But, she swore that her scales had previously registered her weight at 124 pounds only last week. Maybe there was something wrong with the scales. I will have to check on that Summer said to herself.

After hurriedly, showering, washing her hair and shaving the little growth of hair, Summer went about fixing her hair making sure to give it an extra fluff to make it a little wilder than she ordinarily wore it. She wanted to take every precaution this morning. She then applied her make-up as she had been instructed by her young master paying particular attention to her eye shadow making sure to accentuate her hazel eyes. She applied extra foundation, made sure that her cheeks were almost ruby red and then she applied her bright red fuck me now lipstick.

Once satisfied that her hair and make-up would meet her young master's approval, she set her sights on her wardrobe. She quickly looked at the note she had been given last night by Master T. Summer fished her button up blue jean skirt out of the closet, found the almost sheer beige blouse and then took her red four inch red heels out of the box. Summer placed each of these items on the bed and then went to her dresser. Summer pulled out the sheer lace beige thong and matching lace front clasp beige bra. Summer dug into her stocking drawer and pulled out the beige thigh hi's with the wide lace band. These hose also had a sandal foot design that went from toe to the back of her heel. Summer was sure that if anyone was paying attention, they would be able to detect the design of the hose as it was displayed coming out of the back of her heels.

Once dressed, Summer dashed down the stairs, grabbed her school bag, pocketbook and then headed into the garage. The top was still down on her BMW and she did not take the time to close it for this morning's drive. Summer felt like having the wind blow through her hair, which should give it an even sluttier look to please her young master.

Summer pulled into the faculty parking lot, found her space, closed the top on her car and then headed to the front of the school. It was now 7:15 AM and there was a steady flow of buses and cars delivering students to school. Summer could feel the breeze as she walked across the parking lot and she noticed that it felt cool against her uncovered thighs. Her thong was pulled snuggly into the crack of her ass and she felt her pussy lips wrapping around the thin material of the crotch of the thong.

As Summer walked into the school through the main doors she immediately saw the cheerleader table where they group was selling many different breakfast treats to help raise money for new uniforms. Summer saw Melanie's eyes light up when she saw there and she gave Summer a hearty good Morning Ms. Wayne.

"Ms. Wayne, wouldn't you like to buy something this morning to help us meet our goals to buy new uniforms," Melanie asked.

Summer walked straight up to Melanie and looked over the table of morning breakfast treats. There was wide assortment of items and she would rather chose a healthy snack, but she was under direction from her young master. She saw young Marsha Edwards sitting at the table and Summer remembered how she had been forced to take William Demp's cock in the boy's shower.

"Yes, Melanie, I would like two of your glazed donuts," Summer replied.

"Oh that is great Ms. Wayne," Melanie said as she bagged up the donuts and handed them to her senior English teacher. "Ms. Wayne, you must come and join our practices sometime soon. We could make you an honorary cheerleader and get you a uniform to wear with us," Melanie said.

Melanie could see the look in Summer's face wondering why she might mention her wearing a cheerleader outfit. Melanie remembered how sexy Summer looked last night in the boy's locker room. She was going to enjoy making her squirm just a little more.

"Ms. Wayne, weren't you a cheerleader in high school," Melanie asked.

Summer was now feeling trapped. She was remembering the scene in the boy's locker room where she watched Melanie service William Demps' huge cock while standing in the shadows of the lockers. Summer was quite sure that she had not been seen, but Melanie was asking these probing questions as well as making a suggestion for her to come to practice where she could wear a uniform.

"Melanie, yes I was, but that was a very long time ago. I am afraid I do not have the agility or body to be a cheerleader any longer," Summer replied hoping the conversation would end there.

"Ms. Wayne, I have a uniform that we used last year that I bet would fit you. It is a pleated skirt and a button up vest that we wear in warm weather and at the basketball games. I bet it would look terrific on you," Melanie continued in her tormenting conversation. Continuing, "But, I think your chest is maybe too big to fit comfortably in the top so I would bet you would have to have a couple of buttons unclasped. I think you would look hot in it all the same."

"Thanks Melanie, but I am too old for those types of uniforms, but I appreciate the compliment," Summer replied.

Summer quickly took the bag containing her two donuts from Melanie's hand, though she noticed that Melanie's fingers trailed across her hand a little too long for her comfort. "Thanks Melanie and good luck to you girls," Summer said as she twirled away.

Summer hurried down the corridor to the back stairwell which led up to her floor. She wanted to get away from the group of cheerleaders because all she could envision was poor Marsha being violated like she was last night. And to think that Melanie had arranged the whole thing. Summer remembered the treatment that she received at the hands of William's stepfather, Calvin Williams. Summer shuddered to think what might happen to her today if she got summoned by Calvin at the same time that she was being compliant to the demands of her young master.


As Summer climbed the stairs, she could feel the burn in her calves caused by the four inch heels of her red pumps as she reached each step. Finally, coming to the top of the stairwell, Summer paused to catch her breath, but to also look down the corridor to see if there was a sign of her young master. It was only 7:30, with class starting forty minutes from now. She had arrived early hoping to have some free time before classes to work on her grade book and to plan for next week. From her session last night with Master T, Summer knew that most of her weekend would be taken up with his demands for complete servitude to his desires and whims.

Summer inserted her key into the lock of her classroom door. She found that her lock was not locked, which meant that she either had neglected to lock it properly last night or as she discovered, Master T was waiting for her in the classroom.

"Come in slut," Todd said very casually to his English teacher.

"Good morning Master T, you startled me," Summer replied trying to keep her composure.

"Good to see that you followed my instructions and visited the cheerleader booth this morning. Did you get the two donuts as required slut," Todd asked.

"Yes Master T," Summer replied.

"Ok then slut, get one out as we have some plans for those donuts," Todd ordered.

Summer placed her book bag, purse and her donut bag onto her desk. She then took a donut out of the bag and waited for further instructions.

Summer watched as Todd walked across the classroom to her refrigerator. She knew that he was retrieving the Tupperware dish that contained Todd's cum from last night. Todd opened the refrigerator and pulled out the container. He opened the top, placed it inside his teacher's microwave and heated his chilled jism for 20 seconds. Todd took the cum container out of the microwave and walked back across the classroom. Todd stopped in front of his teacher's desk, placed the cum container in the middle of her desk and then gave her instructions to user her fingers to spread his jism onto the donut combining his jism with the sugar glaze icing.

Summer did as instructed. Summer was then ordered to walk from her classroom down the hallway to the teacher lounge. Once there, she was to place her donut on the counter, pour herself a cup of coffee and then return to her classroom. However, while in the lounge she was to eat half of the donut and then while walking back to her classroom, she was to eat the remaining half making sure to lick her fingers so that she did not miss any of her special icing.

Summer picked up the donut and she dipped two fingers into the warm jism icing. The jism icing was gooey and though it was warm, Summer struggled to evenly spread Todd's jism around the donut. Summer used over 50% of the contents of the Tupperware container making sure that her young master was pleased with both her enthusiasm as well as her immediate compliance with his demand.

"Is that satisfactory Master T," Summer asked her high school master.

"Well, your fingers look gooey. Why don't you lick your fingers all the way down the hall making sure to make eye contact with anyone you encounter on the long walk to the lounge," Todd instructed.

"Yes Master T," Summer replied.

"I will be watching you slut," Todd reminded her.

With that, Summer turned on her heels and headed out of her classroom. As she entered the hallway, she was pleased that there was no students lurking in the hallway. She determined if she delayed long enough, she would be subjected to limited humiliations in her classroom. As she continued walking down the hallway, Summer mindlessly licked and sucked her two fingers as she had been directed. She was happy that there was no one in the hall. But, suddenly, Calvin Williams burst out of the teacher lounge almost hitting Summer with the door.

"Well, well, what do we have here my slut," Calvin asked his new teacher submissive.

"Hi Sir, I hope you are ok this morning. I am just coming down for a cup of coffee," Summer replied.

Calvin held the door open for Summer and with her fingers still being licked by her tongue, she went into the lounge with Calvin following close behind.

Summer was disappointed to find the lounge empty. 

"Ok slut, pull your skirt up over your hips so I can see that fine white ass of yours. Then you can pour yourself some coffee," Calvin commanded.

"Sir, I cannot do that in here. It is too risky as a teacher can walk in here at any moment," Summer pleaded.

"So you better be quick about it slut," Calvin commanded again.

Summer resigned herself to the command. Summer put her cum icing donut down on the nearest table and using both hands raised the hem of her blue jean skirt up over her hips. Once she had accomplished this, Summer picked up her cum icing donut and walked to the coffee machine. She knew that she was giving Calvin a good view of her ass as she felt the thin strip of material of her beige lace thong.

Once Summer reached the coffee counter, she retrieved a Styrofoam cum from the shelf. This caused her to stand on her tip toes further revealing more of her ass cheeks to her janitorial admirer.

"That is good slut. I want you to put the donut in your mouth, grab your ass cheeks to spread them as wide as you can and turn your head to face me," Calvin ordered.

Summer did as she was instructed to do and when she turned to face Calvin with the cum icing donut stuck in her mouth, her eyes were met with the flash of Calvin's phone camera.

"Thanks slut," Calvin said.

With that, Calvin turned and walked the short distance to the door. Just as his hand touched the door knob, it turned and someone began to enter the lounge. Being the gentleman that he was, Calvin held the door closed for a second, which gave Summer time to yank her skirt down just as Mr. Harding came into the lounge.

"Oh hi Calvin, how are you doing," Harding asked.

"Oh I am doing just fine Mr. Harding. I was just talking with Ms. Wayne there about the cheerleading squad and how nice it was of her to support the unit by buying a donut this morning," Calvin replied.

Principal Harding gazed over at Summer and could see the half eaten donut sticking of his English teacher's mouth. He also noticed the frantic look on her face as well as how her beige blouse seemed to be haphazardly tucked into the top of her blue jean skirt. He wasn't sure, but he thought that he saw just a little edge of lace on her hose which meant that she was not wearing pantyhose. He stared openly for a couple more seconds before addressing his staff member.

"Ms. Wayne are you alright? You look completely frazzled and school has not even started," Harding said with a slight grin.

"Oh, Mr. Harding, you know how things go first thing in the morning. I needed coffee, but I had a student run in to me as I was exiting my classroom. He was early for his appointment and we slammed into one another. Mr. Williams was kind enough to help me through the door as I was entering the lounge," Summer said in a quick staccato cadence.

"Well ok Ms. Wayne, but you may want to pull yourself together a little better before you go back and meet with your student," Harding advised.

"Yes Mr. Harding, I will be sure," Summer replied.

Both men left Summer standing at the coffee counter with the donut still in her mouth. She pulled if from her lips and set it on a napkin. Summer then poured her coffee and put a sweetener in the coffee. Before she attempted to leave the lounge, Summer tucked her blouse inside the waistband of her skirt and she also pulled the skirt down as it had ridden up when she had been required to pull the skirt up over her hips. She gave a quick look down to make sure that everything was in order. She opened the lounge door and spilled into the hallway, which was now almost completely filled with students.

Summer tried her best to keep from bumping into a student and spilling the coffee or dropping her donut. On several occasions, she felt hands on her back and shoulders as she navigated her way back to her classroom. 

Once she entered her classroom, Summer only found a note, which pleased her. She had hoped to avoid direct humiliating instructions from her young master in the classroom. At least, she could hide the instructions from anyone who might come into her classroom. Using her elbow, Summer closed the door to her classroom. She had thirty minutes before classes began.

Summer casually finished the donut and set the coffee cup down on her desk. She picked up the paper and saw that it was a brief note from Master T:

Slut, I had plans for you this morning. But, sometimes events at school interrupt plans. So, before class begins, you are to unbutton the top three buttons on your blouse, the bottom two buttons on your skirt and you are to lecture standing only all day at the front of your classroom. For your lunch period, you are to lock your door and then strip off your skirt and blouse. You will place your blouse and skirt on your lectern making sure that it is moved to the rear of the classroom. You are to be sitting at your desk with your hands firmly clasped together on top of your desk waiting for your Master's arrival. You are to be looking straight ahead and you are not to turn your head for any reason. You will have opened the bottom drawer on each side of your desk so that I will have easy access to all of your toys. I will be in your room right after the bell.

Master T

Summer just resigned herself to the directions. She quickly unbuttoned the three buttons on her beige blouse. Summer immediately noticed that her cleavage would be very visible as it would be very easy to see the front opening clasp of her bra. Next Summer unbuttoned the bottom two buttons of her skirt. She spread her legs just a little and she could imagine that any student paying attention could get a quick glimpse of her leg through the opening created when she unbuttoned the skirt. She knew that today would be a struggle to comply with her young master's instructions, but to be careful not to reveal her intimacies to her students.

Summer then noticed a yellow sticky note on her microwave. She walked to the back of her classroom to find a note that read:

To help sweeten your coffee and the second donut, be sure to heat the contents and then pour into your cup and onto your donut after all of your students in first period arrive, but before you begin your lecture. Don't forget I am able to watch your every move in the classroom. Master T

Summer quickly balled up the sticky note and put it in the pocket of her skirt. As she was standing at the back of the room, she did not immediately hear her door open and the students of her first period class begin to filter into the classroom. Summer continued to stand at the microwave without turning around to acknowledge her students. The first period was her on level student's class as well as her second period class. Periods three through six were honors and AP classes, so she knew that the first two periods would be the hardest to get through without flashing the students. These two periods included most of the athletes and she found that their thoughts were only on sports. She liked the group but dressed as she was today, she knew that their short attention spans to her lessons would be almost miniscule. But, she was a teacher and Summer always did her best for the students.

As the second bell rang to indicate the beginning of first period, Summer took the cum container out of the microwave and walked back to her desk. She stood in front of her desk, dribbled the contents of the container into her coffee and onto her donut cup. She felt all eyes on her as she leaned forward to take a pen to stir the mixture. She raised it to her lips and she could see small globs of Master T's cum floating on the top of her coffee. She forced herself to tilt the cup to her lips and let the hot liquid flow into her mouth. Thank goodness it did not taste like cum she thought to herself. She then ate her donut as quickly as possible thereby eliminating all of the evidence of her cum decorated donut.

Summer spun around with her lesson plan and notes. She walked to the corner of the room, picked up her lectern, brought it back to the middle of the classroom and began her lecture. She saw eyes drawn to her and they were staring mid-chest. She moved from time to time to try and make sure that her blouse closed, but the eyes of the students let her know that she was not being successful. With so many eyes looking at her, she hoped that she was pleasing her young master. She could not afford another email episode with her son like this morning so she was doing her best to be compliant with the demands of her young master.

The bell rang, Summer gave homework assignments and the students shuffled out of her first period. Summer took several longer gulps of her now lukewarm coffee. She wanted to get the cum flavored drink completed so that she could throw the cup in the garbage. The second period class was more of the same as was in first period. Only this class was full of football players and this made her mind flash back to last night as one football player had his way with a young cheerleader.

Summer made it through the first four classes without too much trouble. She got the occasional gawking look from several of the boys in her classes as well as some of the girls. Summer could see some of the ones in the back of the classroom whisper to each other and nod towards her when they thought she was not looking.

Then it was her lunch period. Summer followed the last of her students out the door and closed it as the last student exited her room. Summer closed the mini-blinds covering her window and then she locked the door. Summer walked to the back of her classroom carrying the lectern and began to unbutton her skirt. Because the skirt only had four remaining buttons clasped, it only took unbuttoning two buttons for her skirt slid down her legs to the floor around her ankles. Summer stooped down, picked up the blue jean skirt and placed it on the lectern. Next she unbuttoned the remaining buttons of her beige blouse and laid it on top of her skirt.

Summer walked back to her desk, sat in her chair, opened the bottom two drawers of her desk and then placed her hands in the middle of her desk clasped together as had been Master T's instructions. Summer was quite nervous that someone with a master key could come into her classroom at any moment only to discover the English teacher clad only in her bra, thong, thigh hi's and four inch red heels. She was getting that sick feeling of discovery, but the sick feeling of discovery was not as significant to her as the feeling of dread if she did not comply with the demands of her young master. Summer felt a slight arousal between her legs as she sat waiting on her young master. The thin material of her beige lace thong was pressed against her erect clit. "My clit is always hard now," Summer said lowly out loud.

About that time she heard a key being inserted in the lock of her door. Summer held her breath and did not dare turn to her left to see who was coming into her room. She would find out soon enough if she was going to be humiliated by her young master or discovered by administration. Thankfully she heard,

"Very good slut. You did as I required," Todd said.

"Now, stand-up and lay across your desk facing the class room," Todd ordered.

Summer slid her desk chair backwards as she stood. She began to lean forward and without direction, spread her legs as wide as was possible. Summer lowered her torso until her bra enclosing her breasts touched the hard wooden desk.

"Now slut, place your hands behind you with them crossed at the wrists," Todd ordered.

Summer slowly moved her arms behind her back and placed them wrist to wrist as directed.

Summer heard movement in the room and knew that Master T was approaching her. She felt his touch on her ass cheeks. Todd could see the remnants of the whelps that reflected the spanking he had administered to his high school teacher slut last night. He was sorry that she had washed off his tattoo lettering on her ass, but that would be resolved this weekend on a very permanent basis.

Summer felt cold steel on her right wrist and heard a metallic click. She knew that her young master intended to bind her wrists behind her now. Todd clicked the handcuff on Summer's right wrist and then he ran a finger down the thin material of her thong. His finger traced the thong down between his teacher's ass cheeks until it found her crotch. He smiled to himself when he found the anticipated wet spot. Todd rubbed his teacher's ass cheeks moving from one lovely firm cheek to the other. Occasionally, Todd ran his fingers down the thin material of her thong until his fingers met the growing wetness between his English teacher's pussy lips eliciting slight moans from his slut teacher.

Todd knew that he only had twenty minutes of safe play time with his teacher. So, as bad as he wanted to continue teasing and stroking her lovely ass, Todd also knew that he wanted to get his rocks off. His decision was, which orifice he was going to shoot his load of jism into his slut teacher.

Todd reached down into the left hand drawer of his teacher's desk and withdrew the black vibrating egg. He slipped it between the pierced lips of his teacher's pussy so that he could slip it inside. Next Todd pulled out the slut collar from the right drawer. Todd leaned down onto his teacher's back, pressing his ever hardening cock against his teacher's ass. He quickly strapped the collar around her neck and fastened it in place. Next, Todd picked up a rubber band from the English teacher's desktop and pulled her hair into a quick ponytail just like one of the school's cheerleaders. His effort was not great, but it had the effect he sought.

Todd then walked to his back pack and pulled out the remote control for the egg. He switched the control to the intermittent position so that his slut teacher would not be able to get into a rhythm with the egg. Once he was satisfied that the egg was having the desired effect on his English teacher, Todd stood in front of his teacher and slowly unzipped his jeans. His large erect cock popped out of his pants the moment that his hand lowered the zipper completely. Next, Todd pushed his jeans off of his hips and pulled his boxers down with the jeans until they both pooled around his ankles.

"Slut, I am going to deposit a large load of cum into that sexy mouth of yours. You are not to swallow my cum until you are told to do so. Do you understand, slut," Todd asked.

"Yes Master T, I understand your instructions. Please give me your cock," Summer replied. 

Summer made a wide "O" with her mouth and looking directly at her young master's cock, stuck her tongue out to touch the very end of his full erection. Todd did not waste any time in giving his slut teacher his cock as he knew that their time was limited and he had been working on the plans for the weekend most of the night. Todd had a very large load to dump into Summer's mouth.

Todd began to rhythmically fuck his cock in and out of his slut's mouth. He made sure that the head came only to her lips and then he worked it back into her mouth with each thrust forcing his cock deeper into the teacher's throat. When Todd felt his cock hit the back of Summer's throat, he paused as he wanted to feel her mouth around his cock as well as feeling her tongue swishing around it at the same time.

Summer worked her mouth the full length of her young master's cock. She tried to keep in rhythm with the way he was fucking her face. At the same time, her pussy was being stimulated by the black vibrating egg as she could feel the intensity of the egg change from time to time. She knew that the egg would bring her to orgasm, but she hoped that she could successfully please her young master before she erupted in orgasm without his permission. 

Looking down, Todd could see that Summer's bright red lipstick was smeared around her mouth and he bet that his cock was coated also. He was glad that he had decided to pull his pants down as it would have been difficult to explain a lipstick stain on the fly of his jeans.

Todd could feel Summer's enthusiastic efforts on his cock. He was very pleased that his older slut was beginning to crave his cock and that her cock sucking ability had improved in just one week. He grabbed his camera from his shirt pocket and began to take pictures making sure that Summer's face was easily discernable so that he had even more evidence of her submission as well as her wanton need to suck a cock, especially the cock of a high school student.

Summer jolted when the egg in her pussy went on high intensity. She remembered the first time that the egg had been inserted and the effect it had on her. The more she sucked on Todd's cock the more excited the egg made her. She believed that the egg's vibrations were intensified by her having a cock in her mouth. She was pleasing a man's cock and by pleasing the man, her pleasure was enhanced.

Todd quickened his pace and he could hear slurping sounds escaping from Summer's mouth as she tried in earnest to keep his cock in her mouth. Todd placed his camera on the desk beside Summer's face. He grabbed the back of Summer's head with both hands and began to fuck her face in earnest.

Summer tried to keep up with the assault as she did not want to displease her young master and she did not want to make so much noise that her sucking efforts might be heard through her classroom door. Summer was also concentrating on relaxing her throat muscles so that she did not gag on her young master's cock.

"Ok slut, I am getting close. Remember to catch my cum. You are not allowed to swallow until I tell you to do so and you are not allowed to cum," Todd ordered.

Summer began to prepare for the eruption from Todd's cock head. She placed her tongue on the little slit opening of his cock and began to swirl it around the head to heighten her pressure on the cock. She could feel the cock begin to harden even more as Todd's hands pulled her mouth further onto his cock. Summer's nose was pressed against Todd's pelvis and his dark patch of pubic hair.

"Here it comes my slut," Todd hollered.

Summer felt the first eruption from Todd's cock head. Todd grabbed the sides of his teacher's head and began to fuck his cock deeper into her mouth. She could feel the hot jism splashing against the back of her throat and her tongue. Using her tongue and lips, Summer tried her best to keep all of the cum in her mouth hoping to not allow any to slide down her throat or escape around her lips as they pressed against Todd's hard cock.

Summer held on to her young master's cock for as long as she could. For some reason, having a cock in her mouth seemed to fulfill her desire to please. With her hands firmly bound behind her by the handcuffs, Summer tried her best to keep Todd's cock buried inside her mouth. She could feel him begin to withdraw his cock and she reluctantly released it in order to keep his cum in her mouth.

The vibrating egg's intensity had been lowered and Summer was only left with a slight vibration in her pussy. She was sure that the thin strip of material of the crotch of her beige lace thong was totally drenched with her juices.

As Todd felt his cock slip past the sucking lips of his slut teacher, he was pleased to see that she was looking up at him with her bright, hazel eyes. He could see only a small trace of his cum that had escaped from her lips. He reached down with his index finger of his right hand and slid the jism from the side of her mouth onto her lips.

"Ok slut, raise your head up higher, open your mouth and show your master his cum," Todd ordered.

Summer did as instructed and straining to make sure that her young master's cum did not escape, opened her mouth as wide as possible. She looked up at her master and saw him with a sly smile as he held his camera to his eye capturing the moment of her mouth filled with his cum. She was sure that the picture unmistakably revealed her as his teacher with a mouth full of cum.

"Now stay that way until I tell you to move," Todd ordered.

Summer continued to lie across her desk with her breasts pressed against the hard wood top, her legs spread wide and her head raised up with her mouth open. Summer had to continue to keep her mouth in the shape of a large "O" in order to keep her young master's cum from escaping her mouth. The intensity of the vibrator in her pussy began to increase as she watched her young master dress.

Once he had pulled his pants back up, zipped them and refastened his belt, Todd turned to look at his English teacher. She was draped across her desk unable to move. He wondered if she was ready to cum, but she could not say anything because her mouth was full of his cum. He walked behind the teacher and pulled the material of her thong to the side. He traced his finger up and down the slit of her pussy with his middle two fingers getting fully coated with her juices, Todd plunged his fingers deep into Summer's ass.

Summer's cry was muffled by the mouthful of cum. The vibrating egg intensity was increased and she began to fuck backwards to meet the probing fingers of her master. She dared not cum, but she was so close. Todd could hear his slut teacher grunt each time his fingers were buried fully into her ass.

Todd switched the vibrator all the way to ten. He then told his slut that she could cum when he counted to ten and only when he reached one.

Slowly and agonizingly Todd counted down, "10... 9... 8... 7... 6... 5... 4... 3... 2... and One... "

Summer's body erupted in orgasm. The sheer force of the fingers in her ass and the vibrating egg could have brought her over the edge. But, added to that was the place where she was being dominated and how submissive she was to her young master. She could feel her sphincter muscles grasping at the fingers in her ass. Her pussy muscles were squeezing the black egg as hard as they could, though her juices made it impossible to completely grasp.

Todd watched as Summer's body continued to fuck back to meet his probing fingers. He also watched as Summer's head did not move as he knew that she was making her best effort to not swallow his cum. He was pleased with her compliance and wondered to himself how he had been so lucky to find such a willing submissive. He was amazed at her inane ability to serve and please.

Todd withdrew his fingers from his teacher's ass. He turned off the black egg, but did not remove it. He pulled the thin strip of material of her thong forcefully to tighten it into her ass crack as well as to spread her pierced pussy lips around the material. Todd then reached into his pants pocket to retrieve the handcuff key. He took Summer's bound hands, pulled them upwards and then released the lock on both cuffs.

Todd then said to his teacher, "Slut, you are to lay across your desk until you feel the egg vibrate in your pussy. Once you feel the vibration, you are allowed to swallow your master's cum, get dressed and go about your afternoon."

"Also slut, don't forget your tanning appointment at 3:30 PM today. You are free until 6:30 PM when you are to report to the ticket booth on the visitor side of the stadium where you will relieve Shirley of that duty," Todd said.

Summer remained splayed across her desk as she heard Todd close the door to the classroom and was pleased to hear the tumbler of the lock close. She prayed that he would turn the vibrating egg on quickly as she only had ten minutes until the lunch period was over. She continued to hold her young master's cum in her mouth. Her legs were on fire from being spread so wide for the first 20 minutes of the lunch period. Her pussy continued to squeeze and grasp the black egg. Summer looked up at the clock in the back of her room and watched the second hand rotate around the clock face growing closer to the bell that would end the lunch period. She wondered if this was the day that Todd had determined would be her last as a teacher, wife and become the reviled by her children.

But, Summer was relieved when the vibrating egg exploded in her pussy. She felt the intensity slowly grow until it reached its highest level. She had quickly swallowed her master's cum immediately upon feeling the egg spring to life. She pushed herself off of the desktop and walked quickly to the back of the classroom. Summer first slipped on her beige blouse and buttoned all but the top two buttons. She then slipped the blue jean skirt up her legs, stuffed the hem of her blouse into the waistband of the skirt and then secured the skirt by fastening the top buttons.

Summer wasted little time moving from the back of the classroom to the front of her desk. She carried the lectern with her and placed in where it had been throughout the morning. She had just sat down in her chair behind her desk with the bell sounded ending the lunch period. The egg in Summer's pussy also stopped vibrating leaving her just at the edge of another orgasm. "How did he know I was close," Summer thought to herself.

The next period was excruciating for the English teacher. She could smell her juices emanating from her chair and she could also see small white specks decorating the top of her desk where tiny droplets of her young master's cum had apparently slipped out of her mouth. She only had two more periods to make it through her Friday afternoon. She had no idea what her young master had planned for her tonight at the football game, but she had to think about her next three classes, figure out a way to make it first through Todd's class and then through Melanie Hart's class which ended her day.

The bell rang and the students slowly filtered out of her room. She had lectured on "To Kill A Mockingbird" the whole class from her desk. She bet that she would have to lecture from the lectern during her young master's class. She tried not to think about the problems he could cause her with the egg still firmly planted in her pussy and the thin strip of material that was the crotch of her beige thong was soaking wet. Summer hoped that she would not be made to stand as she felt certain that moisture from her pussy would slide down her legs.

About that time, Todd Spillers walked into her classroom. Summer immediately felt her black egg stir inside her wet pussy. He had that smirk on his face like the cat that swallowed the canary which Summer hated. Todd walked up to his slut teacher's desk and handed her a note. Summer opened it to read,

"Slut, this is an excuse letter from my parents allowing me to leave school early. You will nod your head and wish me a pleasant weekend. Remember to make your appointment at the tanning salon and then relieve Shirley in the visitor ticket booth promptly at 6:30 PM. Shirley will most likely want to stay, but it is in your best interest to make her leave. Someone in your next class will have the remote for your egg... think about that slut!"

"Have a good weekend Mr. Spillers. I hope your grandmother feels better," Summer said as she had been instructed.

As Todd turned to leave the room, Summer felt the egg's vibrations once again steadily increase. She had to squeeze her legs tightly together hoping to squash the approaching orgasm. She absentmindedly begin to rock ever so slightly in her chair which increased the pressure of her pussy walls as they tried to grasp and hold the egg. Summer watched the students of her fifth period class finally take their seats, but the egg did not stop vibrating. She felt her body begin to tremble at the first stage of an orgasm. She did not know how to control her orgasm, when suddenly the egg stopped vibrating.

She moaned to herself loud enough for the students on the front row to look up and stare at their teacher. Undaunted, Summer once again began her lecture and finished the class. As the bell rang signaling the end of the fifth period, she suddenly realized that someone in one of her next two classes would have the remote control for the egg. Todd was expanding his influence of control over her by giving the remote control to another student. Summer could only wait until she was subjected more humiliation at the hands of another student and all she could do was take it.

As the students of her sixth period class began to file in, Summer wondered who would be tormenting her next. Fortunately, sixth period was uneventful. She went about her normal routine, standing at the lectern at the front of the classroom and boring her students with her lecture. She could not bear the thought of yet another humiliating session with another student so she was thankful for the small favor of no one having the remote that controlled the black egg buried deep inside her sopping wet pussy.

Seventh period began, but Summer did not know what she would do when the egg erupted in her pussy knowing that one of the students would be watching her reaction. But, Summer's salvation came with the arrival of a note. Or at least she thought it was salvation.

Summer opened the note and was horrified to read, "Slut, get to my office and be ready to please me upon my arrival. Calvin"

"Oh my god," Summer said to herself.

She would be saved from the humiliation of another student only to be sexually subservient to the high school janitor. Summer had no choice at the moment. She looked over the class room and her eyes met those of Melanie Hart. She quickly motioned for Melanie to come to her desk. Once Melanie arrived she asked, "Melanie, I have to go to a quick meeting. Can you please run the class and have everyone read the next chapter on the Mockingbird?"

"I don't know Ms. Wayne. I am not sure what I would say if someone from administration came in to find you not here," Melanie said as she played with the controller in the pocket of her jean skirt.

"Please Melanie, I need your help," Summer pleaded.

"Alright Ms. Wayne, but only because you begged me to help you out of the tough spot you are in," Melanie replied with a dry smile.

She looked directly into Summer's eyes when the egg began to vibrate in her teacher's pussy. She had hoped to torment her English teacher for the full hour of the class to please Todd. But, an issue had arisen that required her teacher to leave the classroom. So Melanie wanted Summer to know that she had the remote.

Slowly, Melanie increased the intensity of the vibrating egg. She watched as Summer closed her mouth tightly and looked up at her in shock. Melanie then said, "I am sorry you have to leave Ms. Wayne. I was looking forward to helping you cum in class. Maybe some other day."

Summer did not know what to say. She looked up pleadingly at her newest public tormentor. Summer of course did not know that Melanie had seen her in the boy's locker room last night nor did she know that Melanie had been the one to secretly video record her performance in the girl's restroom earlier in the week. Melanie on the other hand remembered everything. She had been Todd's bitch slut for two years ever since he caught her giving blowjobs to several black football players and had threatened to expose her to Melanie's mother, Sandra Wilson, which would more than likely keep her from getting into the state university.

Melanie pressed the frequency switch three more times and the vibrating egg emitted a low hum, which Melanie could hear even though her English teacher was squeezing her legs tightly together. Melanie looked down and could see the tops of Ms. Wayne's hose because her skirt had the bottom two buttons unfastened and she could also see the beige panty covering her hairless pussy.

Summer placed her hands on top of her desk and slowly raised herself from her chair. She knew she only had a few minutes to get to the janitor's office as she dare not make him mad at this point. Summer knew she had to make her get away quickly before Melanie made her explode there in the classroom.

"Thanks for taking over my class for the next few minutes Ms. Hart," Summer said quite unsteadily.

Melanie watched with a disappointed look on her face but understood that her teacher must have had a good reason to leave the class room. As Summer closed the door to her class room, the buzzing in her pussy stopped.

Summer almost ran down the back stairs to reach the bottom floor. She quickly exited the building and headed down the walkway to the gym. Once she entered the gym, she headed down the hallway that led to the mechanical room that contained all of the equipment that heated and cooled the school. She entered the mechanical room and then turned towards the area where the head janitor's office was.

As Summer reached the door, she heard noise coming from the hallway. She figured that she only had moments to do as she had been instructed. As she closed the office door behind her, she saw two circles on the wall to her right with circles on the floor under each circle. She understood that that was where she was expected to be positioned when Calvin Williams entered the office.

Summer quickly unfastened the top two buttons of her blue jean skirt and let it fall to the floor. She then unfastened two more buttons on her blouse and quickly yanked it up over her head. She reached between her heaving breasts and in one motion unclasped her beige bra. Summer then slipped her thumbs in the thin side straps of her matching beige thong and quickly slipped it down over her hips to the floor. 

Summer had a quick horror thought because of the egg in her pussy. She could not afford for Calvin Williams to find that buried there. Summer reached between her pussy lips, grabbed the receiver cord to the black egg and quickly pulled it from her pussy. The black egg was fully coated with her warm juices. Summer reached down, picked up her skirt and slid the egg into a pocket. Summer neatly folded the skirt & blouse and placed them on the filing cabinet next to the circles. Summer picked up her bra and thong, which were soon piled on top of her blouse. With only her hose and four inch red pumps remaining on her body, Summer placed her hands and feet into the circles just as the door to the office opened.

Summer did not dare look towards the door. She remembered being told to look straight ahead. But, then she could hear the door close and heard the lock tumbler. "Well, my slut, you have pleased me by doing as instructed," were words that gave her some comfort knowing that it was Calvin and not one of the other members of the janitorial staff.

Summer felt her newest tormenter press his body up against hers. She felt his powerful big hands on her hips. He pulled her hips back toward his hips and she immediately felt the strain on her thigh muscles because of the positioning of her feet in the circles which forced her legs to be spread wide. The position of her hands placed palm flat against the wall of the office had effectively forced her to stand on her tiptoes. Now, with the added stress of being pulled backwards, her legs started to tremble.

Summer felt Calvin's hands slip onto her ass cheeks. Those big powerful hands began to squeeze and massage each cheek. Summer felt one of Calvin's hands slip between her ass cheeks and snake its way down to her pussy. He quickly slipped two fingers into her already overflowing pussy and she heard him whisper, "Yes, I knew you were a slut."

Calvin ran his other hand around Summer's waist and then down to her bald pussy mound. She felt him find her erect clit and he began to roughly rub her clit with two of his massive fingers. Calvin's two fingers were now buried deep in her pussy and Summer felt him begin to fuck them into and out of her pussy while the fingers of his other hand furiously massaged her erect clit. Calvin felt Summer's body begin to meet his fingers as he fucked them deeper into his new found slut. He began to push his fingers deeper inside Summer's pussy while his cock begin to rise pressing against the front of his pants.


"Ok slut, I don't have too much time today as I have a meeting with Principal Harding. So, I want you to lay on your back across that desk over there with your head hanging over the edge. I am going to fuck your face and give you my sweet cum," Calvin ordered

Slowly, Summer lowered her hands from the circles on the wall. But, Calvin did not remove his hands and fingers from her body. He guided her with his fingers to the desk. Using his hands as they were buried in her pussy, Calvin picked the school teacher up and lowered her onto the desk. Summer had to grab onto his powerful arms to keep from being injured by the strong hands.

Calvin slid Summer down the desk until her head hung over the edge. Her brunette hair cascaded down the desk and her eyes were looking straight up at Calvin as he continued to massage her clit and fuck his fingers into her wet pussy. Summer slid her hands down each of Calvin's arms and tried to hold his hands against her pussy. She began to hump against the janitor's fingers. She was bringing herself ever closer to the needed orgasm. Melanie's manipulation of her pussy with the egg had almost taken her over the edge. Summer needed to cum so badly.

Calvin noticed the action below him and how the teacher had locked onto his hands. But, he stopped manipulating the teacher and the removal of his hands was met with Summer's plea, "Please sir, let me cum. I need it so badly."

"Not yet slut. You need to take care of my big black snake first," was Calvin's response.

Calvin backed away from Summer and unfastened his belt. Unbuttoned his trousers and then slid his zipper down. Immediately, Calvin's large black cock slipped through the opening of his boxers. He was already almost fully erect as he moved forward and placed the tip of his cock on the lips of the prone teacher. He took the teacher's head in both of his hands and began to rhythmically fuck his cock in and out of Summer's mouth. His cock began to immediately reach full erection and he watched as Summer's mouth made a large "O" to try and take his cock.

Summer tried her best to make the assault go quickly. She had to get back to her classroom before anyone from administration found her missing and she was afraid that Calvin's cock would damage the back of her throat.

Summer did not know, but Calvin had already fucked one of the members of his janitorial staff earlier in the day. She was sucking not only his cock, but tasting the pussy juice of another woman. 

Calvin settled into a rhythmic fucking action into Summer's mouth. Once he was comfortable that she would be able to take his cock, he released her head and slipped his hands down to Summer's pierced nipples. Calvin grabbed each piercing and began to twist and pull Summer's nipples. He stretched them as far as they would go and then he held them there while he fucked his cock deeper into the teacher's throat.

He released Summer's nipples and slid both hands down her body until they found her clit. He began to massage her clit and he stretched his other hand so that he could slip two fingers into her pussy. Once his fingers were properly positioned, he began to manipulate the teacher's pussy with the determination to bring her to orgasm as he spurted cum down her throat.

His manipulations were matched with increased vigor by the teacher's mouth. He could hear her moaning as she took more and more of his cock. He could feel his cock hit the back of Summer's throat, but in this position it easily slid down her throat without her gagging on his black snake.

Calvin moved his hands forward and told Summer to raise her legs. Once she did this he grabbed her feet and pulled them straight up towards him. In this position, Calvin could look directly down into Summer's pussy. He could easily see the ring piercings on each of her pussy lips.

"Slut, spread your pussy lips for me. Pull them wide apart so I can see deep down that slut hole of yours," Calvin commanded.

Even though her mouth was full of cock and she was trying as best she could to not gag, Summer moved her hands down to her pussy and pulled her lips apart. "Farther," Calvin commanded. 

Summer pulled her lips even further apart. "That's better slut. Now, take your fingers and fuck your pussy while I fuck your face," Calvin ordered.

Summer was pleased that she would be allowed to touch herself. She was in need of an orgasm after the manipulations of the black egg buried in her pussy earlier. She began to furiously rub her clit with the middle fingers of her right hand. Her left hand continued to pull her pussy lips apart.

Summer noticed Calvin's pace of fucking his cock in and out of her mouth had increased. She was worried that she was going to be suffocated by the big black snake as he had called it. She tried to suck air in around his cock as well as breathing as deeply as she could through her nose. She was beginning to get lightheaded from the cock buried in her mouth and her lack of oxygen.

Calvin could not wait much longer as he had to get to a meeting with his staff to discuss the clean-up of the football stadium after the game tonight. He needed to cum and this slut teacher was his depository. He pulled back out of her mouth allowing only his cockhead to remain inside Summer's mouth. He fucked his cock quicker utilizing the friction of her lips and tongue until he was right at the edge of orgasm.

He looked down to Summer vigorously rubbing her clit and that was all that it took to bring him over the edge. Her tongue had touched him in the right place at preciously the right moment and his cock erupted in the teacher's mouth. Her forced his cock back into her mouth and shot his load against the back of her throat.

Summer felt the first eruption in her mouth and her body immediately erupted in orgasm. Her body rocked in orgasm while Calvin continued to fuck his cock in and out of her mouth as his cum exploded down her throat. Summer could not believe the intensity of her orgasm, which she was finding was the case whenever she had a cock in her mouth.

Calvin slid his black cock still semi-erect from the teacher's lips. He paused to let the last drop of his cum to fall on the teacher's forehead and then he bent over to pull his underwear and pants back up. Summer remained spread on the table awaiting instructions from her janitorial master.

"Ok, slut. You can get up, get dressed and get the fuck out of my office. I will call you again when I need more relief," Calvin commanded.

Summer rolled off of the desk and walked to the wall where just 15 minutes before she had displayed herself as Calvin had directed. She looked at the circles on the wall and floor and wondered to herself if other women or God forbid a student had been subjected to the dominating janitor. Summer shook off that thought and reached for her clothes. She glanced over her should and saw Calvin watching her. She was embarrassed now even though she had just taken his cum down her throat at his direction. It was something about the act being over and how she was now feeling repulsed by her submissiveness to this man as well as her young master. She shook her head in disbelief of her situation.

Summer, with her back to Calvin, reached for her bra and thong. She held her thong while she put her arms through the straps of her beige bra. She reached between her breasts to re-clasp it when she heard Calvin say, "Turn around slut. I want to watch you dress."

To her utter embarrassment and a resignation to her situation, Summer turned around. Under the lustful gaze of her newest tormentor, Summer clasped her bra. Next she bent over to put on her beige thong. First her right foot then her left were slipped into the tiny thong while bent at the waist and then Summer pulled it to her hips. She looked down and noticed that her hose had slipped down her thighs. She pulled each hose back up her legs by grasping the wide lace tops.

Satisfied that her hose was neatly back in place, Summer reached for her blue jean skirt. She suddenly remembered that she had placed the black egg in the pocket of her skirt. She also knew that she had to reinsert the egg before she returned to the classroom just in case there was more torment in store for her from her young masters' designated classroom tormentor.

Summer cautiously stepped into the blue jean skirt and quickly pulled it up her legs to her hips. She held the pocket tightly making sure that the egg did not fall out. While looking directly at Calvin, Summer slipped her arms through the sleeves of her beige almost see through blouse as she pulled it back over her head. She buttoned all but the top two buttons per her young master's instructions. Summer slipped the blouse shirt tail into the waistband of her skirt, buttoned up the top three buttons of the skirt. Summer made sure that everything was in order and then asked, "Is it ok if I leave now sir?"

"Get out slut, don't let the door hit you in the ass as you leave," Calvin said dismissively to his newfound slut. 

Summer saw the smirk on Calvin's face and it took all of her self-control not to slap the look completely off of his face. She stored that memory to be reviewed at a later date for sure.

As she left the small office, Summer made sure to close the door quietly so as not to raise any suspicions. She heard the bell ending the last period of school. She could not believe that she had been gone 50 minutes. But, she realized that when she had a cock buried deep in her mouth and her pussy in orgasm, it was reasonable for her to lose track of time.

Summer hurried through the maze of students as they exited their classrooms. It was Friday and they all were glad the week was over so that the weekend parties could begin. Summer remembered that she was going to have to work the ticket window tonight at Todd's direction. That meant, that he had plans for her and there was nothing that she could do about it.

As she reached the stairwell door, she was met face-to-face with the pick-up truck crew. Each of the boy's faces lit up when they saw their now favorite teacher. They held the door for the teacher and touched her as she walked by them. They stood on the lower level and watched as Summer climbed the stairs.

Summer did not know why, but she slowed her ascent up the stairs. She pretended to check the time and as she reached the first landing, she paused and then she leaned against the hand railing and raised her left foot up. She removed her red pump and shook it like she had gathered a stone somehow. She then bent over at the waist, placed her pump on the landing and then stood up to slip her foot into the shoe. She then turned and went up to the second floor. She smiled to herself knowing that she had given the pick-up boys a show.

Terry was the first to speak. "Oh my God. Did you see her ass?" The other three boys chimed in with "YES". Terry then asked if they saw the thin material of her thong slip between her ass cheeks and that question was met with another "YES". The boys giggled and fantasized all the way out into the parking lot.

"Why did I do that," Summer giggled to herself.

She quickly slipped into the girl's bathroom there on her floor. She knew that she could not risk going back into her classroom without the egg being in place. As she hit the door, she came face-to-face with Melanie Hart. "Geez Ms. Wayne, where have you been," Melanie asked.

The meeting lasted longer than I thought," was Summer's reply.

"Mr. Harding came by the classroom looking for you. I told him that you had been called away to a meeting, so I covered for you Ms. Wayne and now you owe me big time," Melanie said quite coolly as she looked her teacher directly in the eyes.

Summer quickly replied, "Thank you Melanie. I appreciate you looking after my class and covering for me with Mr. Harding. I don't know how to thank you more, but to say thank you."

"Well Ms. Wayne, you can start by calling me Ms. Hart from now on, no matter where we are or who is around," Melanie quickly replied.

"Melanie, that would be most appropriate in my classroom as I address all of my students by their first name," Summer answered.

"Well Summer, it is now Ms. Hart to you," Melanie said. As she walked out the door, two girls came out of the stalls at the same time. Melanie reached her hand out to Summer and said, "Here take your controller. Someone will ask you for it later today."

Summer was dumbfounded. She had been told to address one of her students as Ms. Hart and there had been witnesses. Summer acted as if she did not know the students were there and quickly went into the farthest stall from the door. She quickly closed the door and locked it. She stifled a tear and moan. She had to get the egg back into her pussy before she went into the classroom as she did not dare give her young master another reason to be mad with her. Summer pulled her skirt up to her waist, pulled her thong panty crotch to the side, spread her legs wider and then slipped the black egg quickly into her pussy. Summer noticed that the egg easily slipped inside and she felt her pussy muscles involuntarily begin to squeeze the egg.

Summer pulled her thong back in place leaving her pussy lips on the outside of the thin material of the crotch, pushed the skirt back down, flushed the commode and then quickly exited the stall. Summer washed her hands, dried them and headed for her classroom.

As she reached her door, she quickly glanced around and did not see any notes or other confirmation that Principal Harding had been to the classroom. Summer thought for a moment and decided against running down the possible reason for his visit to her classroom earlier. She felt that it would be best if he addressed his reasoning versus her seeking him out as Summer felt uncomfortable with the way the principal had been looking at her earlier in the week.

Summer looked at the school wall clock and saw that it was now 3:00 PM. She had thirty minutes to get to the tanning salon, but the trip was only 20 minutes so she had time to straighten up her desk. That is when she found the note in her middle desk drawer:

"Slut, take all of your slut toys, collar, leash, handcuffs and blindfold as we will be using them tonight. Also, give the controller to your black egg to Sandy at the tanning salon. She knows what to do with it and you. See you at promptly 6:30 PM at the visitor's ticket window. Make sure you get rid of Shirley." 

Signed,

Master T

Summer knew that she could not afford to be late and it was very important not to make Sandy wait. Summer remembered the last time that she was there and what Sandy did to her with the strap on cock. Summer prayed that that was not going to happen to her today.

With all of her toys and other items packed in her school bag, Summer turned off the lights to her room, closed the door and then locked it. She turned to her right, walked the short distance down the hall to the stairwell and then made her way to the first floor. She walked quickly to her car in the faculty lot, unlocked the car by her remote, opened the driver side door and quickly jumped into the seat. She was unaware that she was being watched by the pick-up truck boys who got a great view of her panties, hose encased legs and the tops of her thighs. She had neglected to get into her car like a lady and was then giving a free show to anyone who was paying attention. Summer started her car, pressed the button to lower to convertible top and then once it was in place quickly shifted the car and headed to the salon.

Summer did not think about anything else, but to get to the salon on time. She hurried as fast as she dared go without getting stopped by the police. She did not notice the pick-up truck as it followed not too close behind, but within clear site of the car. The boys had decided to follow their teacher to get a feel for her after school habits. They all wanted to see more of Ms. Wayne with Terry thinking deeper about getting his cock into her mouth, cunt and ass.

Summer arrived at the tanning salon in under 20 minutes. She got out of the car and took her school bag around to the trunk. She released the trunk latch with her remote, threw the bag inside and shut the lid. She went into the salon with only her key, vibrating egg, tanning thong, eyewear and the vibrating egg remote.

As she reached the front desk, she was greeted by someone that she did not know. Summer introduced herself and said that she had a 3:30 PM appointment. The young girl looked at her computer screen and saw that sure enough Ms. Wayne had an appointment. The young girl noticed that someone was to help Ms. Wayne with her nipple guards. Sandy had left a detailed message in the comments section of Summer's tanning time.

"Ms. Wayne, Sandy is not here right now, so I will be the one to help you get ready for your tanning session. Please go into room seven and I will join you shortly, the attendant said.

Summer was very relieved to not see Sandy there. She could use the next 20 minutes to relax and even take a nap in the bed. Summer strolled down the hallway without a care in the world for the first time today. She went into room seven and closed the door locking as was her general practice. She then began unbuttoning her blouse and once completed, she hung in on the hook on the back of the door. Next came her skirt as she unclasped the top two buttons and it fell to the floor at her feet. Summer bent over, picked up the skirt and placed it on top of her blouse on the hook on the door.

Summer next unclasped her bra, slipped it off of her shoulders and down her arms. The bra then joined her skirt and blouse on the hook. Summer started rolling her thong down over her hips and then down her thighs. She turned and sat down on the chair and slipped the thong off of first one foot and then the other without first removing her red four inch pumps.

Summer had just placed her hands on the tops of the hose on her right leg, when the door to her room opened. Before she could react as the young attendant had unlocked the door, entered the room and had closed the door. "I am here to apply your nipple protection patches. A note from Sandy said that I was supposed to do that for you because you were not able to do it properly and that you were to let me do that," the young girl said.

"That is ok, I can do that myself," Summer replied.

"Ms. Wayne, I was instructed to do this for you and that you were advised to let me do it," came a harsher reply from the young girl.

"It really is not necessary for you to do it. Just hand them to me and I will do it for myself," Summer replied.

"You do not seem to understand Summer. I am required to do it to you and you are required to stand here while I do it. Now stand-up," the young attendant said very forcibly.

The young attendant had been given very firm instructions from Sandy. The girl was not to let on that Sandy was in fact in the next room. She was also required to be a little ornery with the school teacher as she had been told that the teacher would follow instructions quite easily. She immediately saw a change in Summer's face. The attendant watched as the stunning teacher stood up from the chair and noticed her panties still pooled around her ankles.

"Very nice panties Summer. You should probably bend over and take them off," the attendant ordered.

Summer bent over at the waist feeling her breasts sway as she did so. Summer was mindful that this stranger was seeing her almost naked now that she was clad only in thigh hi hosiery and her red four inch heels.

"That's better Summer. Now, place your hands above your head and I will apply these nipple covers on you," the attendant said. Continuing, she said, "Those are nice piercings Summer. They really make your nipples stand out."

Summer closed her eyes and pretended not to hear the young girl's comment. She raised her hands above her head as she had been told to do and waited until the embarrassing ordeal of another woman's hands on her breasts was over.

The young attendant reached out with both hands and grabbed both of Summer' pierced nipples. She gave each one a quick squeeze and twist to make sure that they were fully erect. She watched Summer's face as she did this and heard a slight moan escape between her lips. Next she took the adhesive off of one patch and applied it to the right nipple. She took the adhesive off of the second patch and almost placed it on the left nipple, but she noticed that it was not fully erect. She reached over to give the nipple a hard tug and tweak. She held it in this position for a couple of seconds. She could see Summer biting her lower lip so she gave the nipple another quick twist.

Satisfied with the erect nipple, the attendant applied the patch to the left nipple and then said, "Ok, Summer, give me the remote controller to your egg, insert the egg, pull up your tanning thong and get into the bed. You have a full 20 minute session today, so let's get started."

The young attendant held out her hand and waited for Summer to retrieve the egg as well as the controller from the pocket of her skirt. Summer handed the remote to the young girl and then waited for her to leave. The young girl just stood there until Summer realized that she was waiting for her to insert the egg. Not wanting to prolong this new humiliation, Summer spread her legs slightly, lowered her right hand that contained the egg and slowly pressed it against the entrance to her sopping wet pussy.

Once inserted, Summer asked, "Can I take off my hose and heels now?"

"Yes you can Summer, but stop wasting time," the young clerk said.

Summer sat back down on the chair once again and then slipped off her heels. Next she rolled each nylon off of her legs until all she had on was her slut ankle bracelet that could not be removed. She grabbed the thin strips of the sides of her tanning thong and slipped each foot into the thong. Summer then stood up and pulled the thong up her legs until it fit snugly around her hips. Summer made sure that the straps of the thong lay along the already visible tan line that was forming after only one week of tanning.

"Alright Summer here is your protective eyewear. Lay down in the bed and then I will get your headphones," the attendant said.

Summer slipped into the bed, which was cold to her skin. She could feel her covered nipples begin to harden even more due to her body's reaction to the cold. She put the eyewear over her eyes and waited until the attendant slipped the headphones onto her ears. Next the attendant pulled the top of the bed down to its lowest position. She then turned on the player and the voice of Summer's young master started flowing through the headphones. Summer had hoped that some form of soothing music would be playing, but she was disappointed to hear her young master's voice.

As the attendant turned to leave the room, she hit the switch on the remote controller and the egg buried in Summer's pussy sprung to life. Summer was happy that the vibration level was low, which might make her 20 minutes in the bed that much more enjoyable. When the attendant closed the door, Summer was startled by the tanning bed coming to life and her body was almost immediately warmed by the intense rays of the bulbs.

The attendant walked to the adjoining room and handed the remote to Sandy. She watched as Sandy increased the vibration level on the remote. The attendant wondered what the situation between Sandy and the sexy teacher in the tanning bed was. But, her shift was over and she headed out of the back door of the salon.

Sandy's instructions from her young master was to bring Summer to multiple orgasms as she tanned. The orgasms would be intensified by the recording that would be playing over and over into Summer's ears that told her how she was becoming a good slut, but she needed more work. Summer was told that this weekend would be all about her continuing to be subjected to instructions, directions and erotic situations to please her young master

Todd's specific plans for his teacher slut were not revealed to Summer during her 20 minute tanning session, but suffice it to say that by the time her session was over, she had had four orgasms and her mind was more accepting of her subservient role to her young master.

As Summer raised the top of her bed, she was joined in the room by Sandy. Summer recalled how Sandy had fucked her with the large strap-on cock earlier in the week. She was hopeful that she would not be subjected to more humiliation at the hands of this large, black athletic woman. Sandy was dressed quite comfortably in blue jeans and a tank top. Summer could see the outline of her erect nipples, which meant that Sandy was not wearing a bra. As Summer rose from the bed she heard Sandy speak:

"I am to remind you that you are to be in the visitor ticket booth no later than 6:30 PM and you must make Shirley leave immediately," Sandy said.

"I understand what I am supposed to do Sandy," Summer tersely replied.

"Kind of uppity aren't your slut? Well if I were you, I would make sure that I was there early enough to ensure that Shirley leaves," Sandy hissed.

Summer did not reply, but stood before the athletic woman waiting for the inevitable instructions that would lead to more humiliation.

Sandy continued, "It is now 4:00 PM, so you have two and a half hours to think about your evening with your Master."

"But right this minute, you are going to entertain me by having an orgasm while I watch. You may take the patches off of your nipples so that you can stimulate them to assist you in achieving the orgasm, but you may not use any other device except for the egg in your pussy; for which I have the controller," Sandy said with an evil grin.

"Please Sandy, don't make me do that," Summer pleaded.

"Slut, I do not have any patience today. Get busy and bring yourself to orgasm. Or, if you want me to, I can get my black strap-on cock and fuck the shit out of you. Your choice," the athletic black woman said.

Here she was again Summer thought to herself. She continued to be amazed at the situations that she got caught in all because she sent that damn picture in response to an inquiry to her ad. "Why did I place that," Summer thought again to herself.

Summer reached up with both hands and removed the nipple covers and felt her nipples react to the cool air caressing each one. She spread her legs and began lowering her right hand down her abdomen to the material of her black tanning thong between her legs. She felt the wetness of the thin strip of material of the crotch of the thong, which was pulled between her pierced pussy lips. As her finger found her clit, she felt the egg jump to life.

Summer quickly sucked in some air as the vibrator activity both startled and pleased her at the same time. She felt the egg vibrating against the side walls of her pussy. Summer felt her pussy muscles begin to contract in an effort to squeeze the egg and hold it in place.

"Squeeze your nipples slut," Sandy ordered.

Summer stopped rubbing her clit and took each pierced nipple between her thumb and index finger. Summer started by softly squeezing each nipple. The vibrations of the egg inside her pussy increased once again. With each increase in intensity, Summer's manipulation of her nipples became stronger.

Under the manipulations of the athletic black woman, Summer's body began to move towards the inevitable orgasm. The more she was humiliated, the stronger the urge to cum was for her now. Just being made to pull and twist her nipples in the tanning bed room at Sandy's direction was humiliation enough to take her to the edge of orgasm. Then the vibrating egg stopped.

"Ok slut, strip off that thong, turn the chair around and lean over it. Grab the edge of the seat, spread your legs and let me hear you cum," Sandy directed.

Summer moved to the chair and pulled it away from the wall. As instructed, she turned the chair around so that the front of the chair faced the wall. Summer hooked her thumbs in the thin side bands of her tanning thong and slowly lowered it to the floor. As the thong gathered around her ankles, she quickly stepped out of them. Summer spread her feet as far apart as she could again and then bent over the chair.

In this position, Sandy could see all of Summer's private body parts. Summer's pierced pussy lips glistened with her juices. Summer's asshole was peeking back at Sandy and she thought to herself that at some point she would use her smaller dildo on that tight orifice too.

Sandy turned the vibrating egg back on and watched Summer's body react to it. "Spread your legs more slut," Sandy directed.

Summer slid her bare feet outward as far as she could. This put more pressure on her calves as they began to burn because of the tightness of her legs and the lower back rest of the chair.

"Reach between your legs slut and rub your pussy," Sandy ordered.

Summer did as instructed and immediately felt the intensity of the black egg increase. Sandy played with Summer for the next five minutes or so alternating between 10 and one on the controller. She listened as Summer began to moan and her breathing was quick. Sandy watched as Summer's fingers began to manipulate her clit more rapidly. As Summer approached orgasm, the bed next to her room shut off, so there was no other noise in the salon except for her moans and breathing. She stopped rubbing her clit when the noise of the adjacent tanning bed ceased.

"Who told you that you could stop slut," Sandy said.

Summer turned her head and looked pleading at Sandy as she whispered, "Sandy, I don't want anyone to hear me."

"Start rubbing your clit slut or I will open the door, invite our neighbor into the room and let him fuck you while I watch," Sandy hissed.

Resigned to her humiliation, Summer once again began to rub her clit. Sandy turned the controller settings for the black egg all the way up. She watched as Summer's hand became almost a blur as she rubbed her clit hoping to achieve orgasm quickly as well as quietly. Sandy walked up to Summer and began to lightly pat each of Summer's ass cheeks. She slid one hand down the crevice between Summer's ass cheeks.

Sandy's middle finger found Summer's puckered asshole. She began to slowly insert her finger into the tight hole. Sandy watched as her red painted nail disappeared into the high school English teacher's ass. Sandy slowly slid her finger all the way in as she continued to stroke Summer's ass cheek with her other hand. Sandy leaned forward and lowered her mouth. She let a small stream of spit escape between her lips and watched as it fell onto Summer's crack. Sandy withdrew her finger, rubbed it in the spit and then re-inserted her finger all the way deeply into the spread wide teacher.

Summer moaned at the increased stimulation, but also because the finger did not hurt as bad because of whatever lubrication Sandy had put on her finger. Summer rocked back to meet Sandy's finger as it went deeper into her dark passageway. Sandy could feel the teacher's sphincter muscles tighten and grip her finger as she worked it deeper into Summer.

Just as Sandy quickened her pace of thrusting her finger in and out of Summer's ass, the door to the adjacent room opened. Sandy knew that she would be responsible for cleaning the bed, but she also had to take the bag from the customer as she stored his bag along with many others in the counter by the front door.

Sandy then said to Summer, "Slut, I am going to leave you for a few minutes. Stay bent over this chair, keep rubbing your clit, but do not cum. If you do, you will be very sorry."

Sandy immediately removed her finger from Summer's ass and then stuck it in her face. "Slut, open your mouth and clean my finger," Sandy ordered.

Summer opened her mouth as instructed. She felt the tip of Sandy's finger slip over her lips and into her mouth. Her tongue immediately licked the finger as her lips closed around the long black digit. Summer could taste her anal juices on Sandy's finger, but it did not disgust her. Maybe it was the sheer fact that she was being made to do such a disgusting thing in a very public place that made licking the finger less disgusting.

Satisfied that her finger was sufficiently cleaned, Sandy pulled it from the teacher's mouth and turned to leave the room. But first she reminded Summer that she had better not cum, but she better continue to stroke her clit.

Sandy exited the tanning room, left the door open and walked down the long corridor to the front desk. The gentleman was waiting on her and asked, "Is everything ok Sandy? I heard voices and they did not seem to be too happy."

"No it is just a bitch that is giving me a hard time with the tanning she is getting. I had to put her in her place," Sandy smiled.

Summer could hear voices from the front of the store, but she could not make out what was being said. Summer continued to rub her clit, which was now fully erect and she was edging towards the orgasm that her body now needed.

Sandy, busied herself at the front desk consciously making Summer wait. She wanted her on the brink of orgasm when she walked back into the tanning room. She was going to surprise the teacher with the smaller of her personal dildos by ramming it into Summer's ass as she came. Sandy took the one & a half inch diameter dildo out of her gym bag and used the lubricant that she always had with her. She made sure to get the instrument of sexual manipulation greased just right for the unsuspecting teacher. Sandy knew that if she brought any real harm or pain to Summer, she would pay dearly at the hands of Todd's friend Bill Fraser who held her IOU for the gambling debts she had accumulated.

Summer continued to rub her clit and strained against the chair back hoping for better support to relieve the tension in her calves as well as her thighs. Her muscles were beginning to burn from the extended time she was being made to stay bent over the back of the chair. She supported herself with her left hand planted firmly on the seat of the chair.

"Rub that clit faster slut, but you must ask me for permission to cum," Sandy said to Summer as she came back into the room.

Startled, Summer replied without even thinking, "Yes Mistress!"

Summer quickened her pace with her fingers now concentrating on the very tip of her clit. She clenched her pussy muscles as best she could as the egg continued to vibrate deep in her pussy.

Sandy could hear Summer's breathing grow deeper and longer. Little moans of pleasure were now escaping from the teacher's mouth as it gaped open from the stimulation of her own fingers and the vibrations of the egg. Sandy knew that she was drawing ever so closer to orgasm and reminded, "Slut, beg me to let you cum."

"Please Mistress, let me cum," Summer begged.

Sandy replied, "Louder Slut."

Summer almost screaming, "PLEASE LET ME CUM MISTRESS!"

As Summer finished the "S" in Mistress, Sandy jammed the dildo into Summer's ass. She felt Summer's body attempt to raise up to fight off the invasion of the rubber phallus, but Sandy placed her free hand on Summer's back and pressed her back down. Sandy began to work the dildo rhythmically into Summer's ass. She did not address Summer's plea as Sandy wanted to work the dildo all the way into Summer and then make her beg again.

"Let me hear you slut," Sandy ordered.

Summer quickly replied, "Please Mistress. I need to cum so badly."

"Can you feel the dildo rubbing against the vibrating egg slut," Sandy asked.

"Yes Mistress," Summer replied.

"Does it feel good slut," Sandy asked.

"Yes Mistress. Please let me cum," Summer once again pleaded.

"Reach behind slut, take the dildo and fuck yourself until you cum slut," Sandy ordered.

Immediately, Summer grabbed the base of the dildo with her left hand and began to pump it into her ass. She was balancing herself on the chair back bent at the waist with her stomach pressed against the chair. Her fingers began to whirl around her clit and her dark passage began to more readily accept the invasion of the dildo. Summer's head began to swim because of the multiple points of stimulation. She grew closer and closer to orgasm when she felt two fingers being forced between her lips. Summer began to suck the fingers as if they were a cock.

Now all of Summer's orifices were subjected to some form of stimulation and she could no longer last. Her body erupted in orgasm drenching her fingers with her juices. Her sphincter muscles grasped the dildo at it its base and she sucked Sandy's fingers deeper into her mouth.

Sandy pulled her fingers from Summer's mouth and then ripped the dildo out of her ass. "Open your mouth slut. You need to clean my dildo. I don't want your ass juices smelling up my bag," Sandy ordered.

Sandy put the tip of the dildo against Summer's lips and began to push the dildo into her mouth. Summer allowed the vile tasting instrument to be pushed into her mouth and her saliva glans immediately began to moisten her mouth. All the while Summer's fingers continue to massage her clit and her pussy muscles clenched the black egg. She was able to satisfactorily clean the dildo for her tormentor as Sandy withdrew it two times to make sure that it was properly cleaned before re-inserting it into the teacher's mouth admonishing her for such a poor job of cleaning.

Finally satisfied, Sandy allowed Summer to rise up from the chair. Sandy then turned Summer around and pushed her towards the wall.

"Place your hands against the wall with your palms flat. Spread your legs as I am going to give you a quick massage to relax your muscles," Sandy ordered.

Summer felt her body being guided by the athletic black woman with just the lightest of pressure. She was too weak to protest and quickly achieve the instructed position. She soon felt Sandy's strong hands working her shoulders, arms and upper back. In a couple of minutes, she felt Sandy's hands reach her lower back as they began to kneed her tight, aching muscles. Next Summer felt Sandy's hands on her ass cheeks as she massaged each cheek. Next Sandy kneelt down behind Summer and began to work her magic on Summer's upper thighs as well as her tightened hamstring muscles. Sandy completed her massage by powerfully squeezing each of Summer's aching calves. Summer was surprised by the efficiency and expertness with which Sandy massaged her body. Summer moaned in pleasure, but groaned when Sandy's hands were removed.

Sandy then spoke to the spent teacher, "Slut you only have two hours now until you are due to replace Shirley in the Visitor ticket window at the Eagle stadium. Your Master's instructions are for you to go home, take a shower and change into the clothing that is laid out for you on your bed."

As Sandy exited the tanning room, Summer began to quickly get dressed. She did not bother to put on her bra or thigh hi's, but she did put on her thong to make sure the egg remained inside her flowing pussy. Sandy left the controller for the egg on top of her clothes.

After getting dressed, Summer made her way out to her car. She opened her trunk and grabbed her school bag. She placed her bra and thing hi's in the bag and got into her car. Her school bag that contained all of the trappings of her servitude to her young master. She had her pink butt plug, white rhinestone slut collar, matching white leash, her handcuffs and her blindfold.

Summer quickly started the engine of her convertible BMW, put the car in reverse and backed out of the salon's parking lot. Summer gunned the engine and raced home as it was about a 30-minute trip home. The school was only fifteen minutes from her home, so that left her only 45-minutes to process, get dressed, drive back to school and then make her way to the Visitor ticket booth before 6:30 PM. There was no telling what awaited Summer tonight, but she knew that she did not want to make her young master mad.

Summer pulled into her garage and closed the door as she put her car in park. She raced into the house not stopping to check the voicemail box on her kitchen desk that blinked indicating that she had five new messages. She ran upstairs to find... 

Chapter 18 will detail Summer's night at the football stadium, her night at home with Todd, her Saturday of hairstyles and the adult theater. Sunday will detail her new piercings and tattoos. Please be patient...

