Summer Wayne is a 40 year old married high school Senior English teacher that is being blackmailed by one of her students. She is required to call him Master T and she is completely under his control only one week after his discovery of her on-line profile. In just one week, Master T has had each of Summer's nipples pierced, each of her pussy lips is adorned with ring piercings and her left ear has been pierced with a large loop earring that includes three red beads that signifies to Master T that she is his. Summer is home and has found her instructions for the night as well as her pre-selected wardrobe laid out on her bed. She does not know it, but Summer's evening will be filled with servitude, spankings, restraints, forced sex, gang bang, exhibitionism and more degradation, but she doesn't yet know any of this.........thanks to my friends for recommendations/suggestions for story lines especially Mike, Jack, John, Rebecca and Elly.

Summer saw the denim dress lying on her bed. Next to the dress Summer saw the bright orange lace bra and the tiniest string thong she had ever seen. Summer saw the bright orange garter belt and black silk hose resting against her pillows. On the floor, her young master had placed her white slut six inch heels for her to wear with her new clothes.

Summer stripped off her clothes and ran into the bathroom. She relieved herself and quickly jumped into her glass enclosed shower with the large slate tile décor. Her shower also includes a slate tile seat big enough for two people as her husband liked to shower with her every so often. But, James was not there as Summer sat on the tile seat to let the hot water run over her body. Summer did not have too much time, but she wanted to wash away all of the remnants of cum left on her by her young master and the janitor earlier today at school.

Summer grabbed her Caress soap bar and began to rub it over her body. She stood up and placed her right foot on the seat, which turned her back to the shower head. The heat from the water relaxed her back as she rubbed soap on her body. Summer's hand brushed across her pussy and she was reminded how turned on she has been all day because of the stimulations from her young master, the degradation at the hands of the school janitor, the pressure applied by Melanie Hart as she held the remote controller to the black egg and the orgasms that Sandy forced her to endure while at the tanning salon.

Summer allowed her hand to linger on her erect clit. "Funny how it is always erect now," Summer thought to herself. Summer quickly ran a razor over her pussy mound, lips and her asshole making sure with a quick feel to ensure that there was no remaining stubble.

Summer grabbed one if her thick Egyptian cotton towels and wrapped herself in it. She walked to her vanity and sat on her stool to reapply her make-up. She hasn't even read the note from her young master yet, but she knows instinctively that she is to apply her make-up as a slut would for her master. Summer applied extra eye shadow and deep rouge after she had applied her very expensive foundation. She makes sure that any lines in her face are massaged away by the base. The deep rouge highlights her cheek bones and tightens up her skin. Next, Summer applied moisturizer to her legs, arms and ass. It helps to continue to soothe her ass cheeks after her recent spankings.

Once satisfied that her make-up is applied properly (or more correctly as expected) Summer gives her hair a good brushing and styles it with her favorite mouse. She then tops it off with her lighter hold hairspray. Now she feels ready to put on her clothes for the evening.

Summer picked up the envelope and opened it to find the inevitable note from her young master:

Slut, tonight you will be flashing your breast to anyone who buys a ticket from you. During the sales period, you will be given a $100 bill by four young men that you will not know, but who are VERY important to me, which means they will be important to you. You are not to give them any change back and you are to keep the money as payment for your services later tonight. At each instance upon being presented with a $100 bill, you are to drop the bill, bend over with your back to the window and make sure that you give that person a long look at that sexy ass of yours. When you stand back-up, you are to give them a good look at your cleavage and make sure that the lace of your bra is visible all night to anyone that looks. At the end of halftime after your cash box has been collected, you are to go to the boy's locker room and wait for me there. Do not be late as there will be severe punishments to be applied should you not be there immediately after the end of your sales period. Make sure to bring your school bag that should contain your pink butt plug, black vibrating egg & controller, slut collar, slut leash, wrist restraints and blindfold.

Master T

Summer could not believe that she was being paid $100 each by four "young" men for services later tonight. "What does that mean," Summer wondered to herself.

She looked at her watch and noticed the time was 5:45 PM. Summer knew she was on a tight timeline and she had better get going.

Summer picked up the orange garter belt and wrapped it around her waist. Then she took the pair of hose and carried them to the foot of her bed where she placed her foot on the cushioned bed seat that matched her bedroom furniture. Summer leaned down, slipped her foot through the rolled up hose and slowly pulled it up her legs until the wide band of the silk hose came up to her mid-thigh. Summer quickly fastened the two garters, one in front and the other down the back of her upper thigh. Summer repeated the same process on her other leg.

Summer then grabbed the orange string thong and quickly slipped it up her legs. She pulled the side straps of the thong onto her hips and tried to fit the thin material of the crotch of the thong so that it covered her pussy lips. She believed that this would be a losing proposition because as soon as she took her hands away, the crotch material slipped between her pussy lips. "Great, my pussy lips will be wrapped around this thong all night and my piercings will be displayed for all to see should they look closely," Summer mumbled to herself.

Next Summer picked up the orange lace bra and slipped her arms through the straps. She noted that it was a front clasp bra. As she tried to fasten the bra, she realized that the bra size was correct, but the cup size was a B instead of her normal C cup size. Once she successfully got the clasp fastened, Summer was almost appalled by the amount of her breasts that were left uncovered by the bra. "Oh my God, my breasts will be on full display in this thing," Summer said out loud.

Summer picked up the blue denim dress and immediately noticed the zipper that ran the full length of the front of the dress. She also noticed that the front dress opened up quite prominently because the top clasp of the zipper started just above her breasts which made the dress have a dramatic "V" opening from her neck down to her cleavage, which was even more enhanced by the smaller cup size of her orange lace bra.

Summer unzipped the top of the dress and stepped into it. She had a little trouble getting it to fit as it was quite snug on her hips and ass. She slowly pulled the zipper upwards until it reached the upper locking mechanism in the middle of her cleavage. Her breasts were almost on full display and the outer edges of the lace of her orange bra were easily visible. "So, I will not have any problems showing off my cleavage or bra with this dress," Summer mumbled to herself again.

Summer slipped her feet into the six inch white slut heels. She felt so slutty dressed as she was. Summer wondered to herself what people will think of her, but she did not have time to dwell on it as she was running close to the time to leave so that she could be at the visitor ticket booth by 6:30 PM. Summer walked into the bathroom to give herself a once over to make sure that her make-up was satisfactory, which is when she was struck by the woman looking back at her from the full length mirror on the bathroom wall. Summer could not believe her transformation from a mother and teacher to the slut looking back at her in the mirror.

Summer could see the outline of her new orange garter belt pressed against the tight material of the blue denim dress. The zipper, though closed at the top, did nothing to hide her cleavage. More matter-of-factly, it only enhanced her breasts. The lace of the orange bra was clearly visible as the material of the dress plunged to meet the top of the zipper. The hem of the dress came just below the wide lace top of her stockings. Standing there in her white slut heels created a sense of alarm for Summer because anyone could mistake her for the slut her young master was making her into. Summer still did not know how to get out of the situation, but she dare not risk causing Master T to become angry with her. He might release all of the photos he had taken of her, thus killing her career, marriage and life as she knew it. Worst yet, her young master had reached out to her two sons and had implied that he would ruin her relationship with her children with the smallest of misstep on her part. Summer also did not want to experience another paddling session like the one administered by Todd and Bill Fraser this week.

Satisfied that she should please Master T, Summer gathered her purse and remembered that her school bag, containing all of her required items, was in the trunk of her car. She carefully walked down the stairs and through the kitchen without once again noticing the message light on her recorder indicating numerous messages.

Summer slipped into the front seat of her convertible BMW, cranked it up, raised the top to prevent her hair from getting too windblown on the drive to school and reversed down her driveway. Summer was grateful that she did not meet the eyes Mr. Johnson her lecherous neighbor because she could not stand the thought of him leaning in her window again to gawk at her breasts and legs.

Summer put her car in drive and headed straight for school. At the first traffic light, a pick-up truck pulled up beside her on the passenger side of her car. The windows of the truck were closed and tinted so Summer could not see that Terry and his friends were gazing directly down into her car. The boys could easily see the slit at the hem line of Ms. Wayne's dress and how it gaped open revealing the tops of her hose. The hem of the dress had ridden up unbeknownst to Summer and the boys were straining to get a peek between her legs. They could make out the orange straps of her garter belt and they could clearly see the lace of her orange bra which was not fully covered by the deep "V" of her dress.

The light changed and Summer hit the accelerator to rapidly pull away from the light as well as the pick-up. Terry fell in line behind the teacher's car and followed her to the school. The boys were all surprised that this sexy teacher, dressed as she was, actually pulled into the reserved parking entrance. "Oh man she is going to the game," Terry said to his passengers.

As Summer pulled up to the entrance to the reserved parking, she saw the familiar face of the policeman who had given her a search only a couple of days ago. As she pulled up to the gate, Summer dug her teacher ID out of her purse and waived it at the officer. Her gesture was met with a very authoritative stop signal by the officer. Summer saw the officer give her the circular motion meaning that she should roll down her window.

Summer pressed the automatic button for her driver's side window and lowered it about half way. Summer recognized Sgt. Bill Owens immediately and remembered her treatment by him and his partner this past Monday on her way to her tanning salon session. The officer did not immediately recognize Summer, but when he looked closely at her badge he quickly remembered. "Oh, hello Ms. Wayne, how have you been," Sgt. Owens asked.

Summer looked up to see that he had placed his left hand against the top of her car and he was gazing through her window. She felt his eyes looking first at her breasts and then watched as they moved down her body to her legs. Summer casually looked down and was shocked when she saw that the hem of her denim dress was up over the tops of her hose and the straps holding the clasps of her orange garter belt where clearly visible.

"Now where are you going Ms. Wayne dressed the way you are? I am not sure that you are dressed appropriately to be around young men much less older men like me," Sgt. Owens said through his smirk.

"Sgt. Owens, good to see you again. But, I am a little late and I have to get in the lot because I am supposed to be at the ticket booth in 10 minutes," Summer said.

"Well, be careful that you don't get accosted by all of these hormonal driven boys tonight Ms. Wayne. But if you do, you know where to find me," said the leering police officer.

He had to wave Summer through because he was creating a back-up on the street and he was not helping to control traffic, which was his job through the first quarter of the game. "I cannot wait until tonight when I will have a little fun with her in Todd's newest contraption," he thought to himself as he ran his hand over the folded $100 bill in his front pants pocket and remembered how the last time went with that slut Melanie Hart.

Summer pulled away from the smiling Sgt. Owens and quickly found a parking space. "Damn, this is too far for me to walk in these shoes," Summer said to herself.

As Summer exited the car, she was unable to be ladylike at all because of the tightness of the dress, the low seat of her convertible and the tall white heels; she flashed a good view of her legs as well as her panties to a group of visiting parents as they walked towards the stadium. Summer leaned back into her car to retrieve her purse giving the same group of parents quite a show of her ass and back of her legs displayed below the hem of her dress.

Summer walked as best she could to the back of her car, opened the trunk and bent over to retrieve her school bag. Terry and his friends from the pick-up truck had rushed to the reserved parking lot and had just walked around a large SUV to see their now favorite teacher leaning into the trunk of her car. The boys let out an audible whistle as they were able to not only see the tops of the teacher's hose, but they could see the straps of the garter belt that held the hose in place.

Summer continued to lean into the trunk as she did a quick inventory of the bag and was relieved to find all of her required items. Summer's inventory gave the boys a longer peek at her legs. The hem of her dress inched steadily upward and the boys could now see the bottom of her ass so that they could just make out a thin strip of orange sliding between her ass cheeks. Summer slammed the trunk lid shut, closed the car door and then locked her car. She turned to her left and headed for the visitor side of the stadium with boys rubbing their semi-hard cocks through their jeans.

Summer was not paying attention to the looks she was receiving as she was concentrating on not falling over because of the heels. She wondered how a stripper could dance in heels this tall.

Terry and his three friends were watching as Summer crossed the parking lot. When she was far enough ahead, they began to follow her as she crossed the lot and made her way to the ticket booth.

"Hi Shirley, I have come to relieve you," Summer said as she walked up to the window.

"Summer, I did not know you were relieving me tonight. I had been told that I would run this booth until I was relieved, but I did not know it was you. I would have planned to stay here with you," Shirley said with a smile.

Shirley was remembering her time with Summer the beginning of the week when she had been able to massage the English teacher's breasts as well as being able to play with those new piercings. Shirley unlocked the door to the booth and when Summer walked through the door, Shirley could feel a rush come over her body in a way she had not experienced in a very long time. After her husband had passed, she had basically been a recluse after school. Now seeing this sexy teacher, she understood why the principal followed her every time she came into the office.

Summer looked at her watch and saw that it was almost 6:30 PM. She did not know when, but she suspected that one of her future tormentors would be by the booth to get his quick view of his prey. Summer just hoped that it would not be someone she knew and was very hopeful that it was not a current student.

"I will just stay and help you Summer," Shirley said with a little twinkle in her eyes.

"Oh no, I would not think of it Shirley. My husband is out of town so I don't have anything else to do. I do not mind filling in for you," Summer quickly said.

Summer reached down under the counter, fished out Shirley's purse and handed it to her. Summer placed her school bag and her purse where Shirley's had been. Though the booth was small, Shirley was far enough away to get a great view of the English teacher's ass and she could just make out the lines formed from the garter belt.

"Wow Summer where are you going dressed like that tonight? You look like you are a 25-year old on the make for men," Shirley said with a little jab in Summer's rib.

"I am meeting some girlfriends at a bar. I am going to watch them dance and generally make fools of themselves. I just felt like dressing up to match those wild women," Summer replied trying to force the administrative assistant to the principal out the door. Summer held it open, pressed her hand in the back of Shirley's shoulder and ushered her out the door. Summer quickly locked the door and turned to help her first visitor.

"Mr. Harding will be by to pick-up the cash box right after the end of the second quarter," Shirley said as she hurried away to look for a short line at a concession stand.

There was a steady stream of people buying tickets to the game. Summer was amazed at the amount of money she was accumulating in the cash drawer. She became a little concerned when she did a quick check of the twenty dollar bills and how much it was. She was apprehensive about being robbed.

When she looked up, she came face-to-face with a tall young man with blonde hair and blue eyes who was holding a $100 dollar bill through the window. He looked directly at Summer's cleavage and thrust the bill into the window and said, "I need my ticket to the night's event."

Summer realized that this was one of the people that Master T had written about in her note left on her bed. As Master T had promised, Summer did not recognize the young man. Summer went to put the bill in the cash drawer. However, in remembering her written instructions, Summer let out a "whoops" and said, "I have dropped it."

Summer turned her back to the window and bent over at the waist. Her white six inch heels made her legs look very long. The hem of her dress rode up above the tops of her hose and the young man could clearly see the fasteners to the hose on each of the teacher's legs. Summer paused a little, raised her hands to her breasts, pulled the top of the dress outward and with her palms press her breasts together raised upright.

When she turned around, Summer felt like she had accomplished what she had been directed to do. The young man's eyes were glued to her breasts and cleavage. She demurely glanced down and saw that he had quite a good view of her cleavage as well as the out lace edges of her bra.

Summer handed the young man his ticket and her gaze was met with him saying, "Keep the change sexy." Summer watched as the young man walked away. She was brought back to reality by an "ahem" from a man and his wife. Summer saw the man and woman look from her eyes down to her breasts and then back up to her eyes. Summer asked, "How many tickets and the man said four."





Summer was startled when she took the payment from the man and noticed that it was a $100 bill. "Oh my God, is he one of the men too," Summer thought to herself. She could not take a chance on it being one of the men and not doing as she had been directed.

Summer let out another whoops and said, "I dropped your money."

Summer turned around, bent over at the waist and paused to make sure that the man got a good view of her ass as well as the hem of her dress riding up. She then went through the same procedure to press her breasts up and to pull the dress open to show the lace of her bra. Satisfied that she had given the man ample time to gawk at her, Summer rose back up and watched as the man's face froze in a gaze as her orange bra pressed her breasts together creating a tight cleavage for him to see.

"Claude, what is the matter with you. Get your change and tickets so we can get away from this slut," said the man's wife.

Summer was now quite embarrassed as the man was just an innocent bystander caught up in her master/slave situation. She counted out the appropriate change from the $100 bill and handed both the change as well as the four tickets to the still gawking parent. Summer slipped the young man's $100 bill in her side pocket while sliding the Claude's bill into the cash drawer.

Summer was rushed for the next fifteen minutes as a steady stream of parents and students from the visitor's team filed into the stadium. She thought that maybe her ordeal would not happen as Master T had planned.

But, Summer was wrong. A short young man with dark wavy hair, brown eyes and very broad shoulders approached the ticket window. He had been watching the woman in the booth and had been able to see some of her treasures as she worked with the visiting parents as well as students to sell tickets. Todd had been right. This woman was very sexy. He did not know who she was, but if Todd said that she was submissive and was under his total control he had no reason not to believe him.

Summer watched as the dark haired man approach the booth. When she saw that in his hand he held a crisp $100 bill she knew that this was number two of her four evening tormentors. The young man spoke, "I need my ticket to the night's event."

Summer reached out and took the bill from the young man's hand. He held onto the bill not allowing Summer to take it from him. He leaned in and said, "You are very sexy. I hope that you are ready to please me."

The man let go of the $100 bill and Summer dutifully dropped it, turned around, bent at her waist and gave the young man the view she was required to do for him. As she started to rise she heard him speak, "Not yet, pull your hem up and let me see your ass."

Summer looked around at him and said, "I cannot do that here, too many people coming up might see me and that was not part of my instructions."

"Do it right now SLUT," the young man forcibly said.

Without anyone there to protect her and Master T not being clear in exactly what was required of her, Summer reached around and pulled the hem of the back of her dress up over her hips for only a moment and then pulled it back down as she stood to meet the eyes of her newest tormentor. She saw him gaze at her breasts and knew that he liked the view.

Summer handed him his ticket and pushed the $100 bill into her side pocket. "Ok slut, I will see you after while'" the young man said as he walked away.

Summer went back to selling tickets to a steady stream of visitors to the game. It was almost 7:15 PM, fifteen minutes before kick-off when the steady stream of visitors became a trickle of people. Right then a red-headed medium built young man walked up to the ticket booth and handed over a $100 bill. "I need my ticket to the night's event please."

Summer looked up at the young man, smiled and quickly dropped the bill. Once again Summer said, "Oooppss, I dropped your money." As before, Summer spun around with her back to the window, bent over at the waist and felt the hem of dress creep up past the tops of her hose. She paused long enough to give the man a good view of her ass; she cupped her breasts, pressed them together, pulled at the lace trim of the bra and then stood up. The look on his face told Summer that she had done as she had been directed and met the approval of this the third tormentor for the evening. Summer handed him his ticket and tucked his $100 bill into her side pocket.

Summer's evening then slowed down to a very small trickle of fans coming into the stadium. She could hear loud cheers every so often from the stadium and over the loud speaker she could hear that the Eagles had scored a couple of times. Her night rolled into the middle of the second quarter.

She was startled when four boys that she knew walked up to the booth from inside the stadium. The back of the booth had a door that apparently was not locked. Summer was now jammed into the booth with four teenage boys that she recognized as Terry and his crew from school as well as from a pick-up truck one day.

"Gee Ms. Wayne you look great tonight. Where are you going dressed like that and can we go with you," Terry asked.

Summer did not really know any of the boys, but she knew Terry from the drama team when he had been in a state drama meet. He had left the group shortly thereafter because he had to get a job to pay for his new truck.

"Hi guys. I am just finishing up with my ticket sales responsibilities and then I am off to meet friends," Summer replied without addressing the second part of Terry's question.

"Well you do look great and it is nice to see you not during the day at school," was Terry's reply.

Summer turned slightly to look at the boys who had invaded the booth. She saw how they were giving her long looks up and down her body. Summer remembered how tight the dress fit her ass and could only imagine what these boys were thinking as the saw the straps of her garter belt pressed tightly against the fabric of her dress. 

When Summer turned to look at the boys, each was given a great side profile of the English teacher's cleavage pressed tightly by the firm fitting dress as well as the deep "V" ending deep into her cleavage. They could see the edges of the orange lace bra and each wondered what color panties their new favorite teacher was wearing.

Terry was the most forward of the group and whispered to the teacher, "We love to stop by your car on the road. We could see straight down into your car like tonight. We loved the way you were showing us your legs, hose and garter belt Ms. Wayne."

Summer then remembered the red light and the pick-up truck in the lane beside her. She remembered how the hem of the dress had ridden up and anyone looking could see all the way up to the tops of her hose to see the orange straps of her garter belt.

"Thanks Terry. But you guys need to leave this booth because you are not supposed to be in here," Summer said.

Terry leaned closer to the teacher and his hand brushed Summer's hip as he placed his elbow on the counter top. Terry then said, "Ms. Wayne we were wondering if you might like to go for a ride with us in my new pick-up truck to the old mill pond. We go there on Sunday afternoons to smoke pot, chill and make-out with girls"

"Terry that would be most inappropriate as I am a teacher and it is not proper for me to do those sorts of things with students. And besides I am old enough to be your mother," Summer said hoping that her joking manner would end the situation.

"I told you that you would be in trouble with the hormonal boys Ms. Wayne," said Sgt. Owens.

The startled group of four boys and the teacher looked up to see the officer standing at the window. No one was sure how long he had been there, but he made the boys uncomfortable.

"Ok Ms. Wayne, see you Monday at school," they all said in unison.

"Oh goodness, thank you Sgt. Owens," Summer said as she looked up at the officer.

"You are welcome Summer. You owe me for the rescue though," came Owens' reply.

"I am not sure what you mean by owing you, but thanks for the rescue," Summer said.

"Well, how about my ticket for the night's event then slut," Owens said as he flashed the crisp, but folded $100 bill.

"Oh God, you are the fourth person Sgt. Owens," Summer asked.

"Yes I am slut, so give me my ticket," Sgt. Owens ordered.

Summer took the $100 bill from the officer's big hand and casually dropped it on the floor. Then Summer repeated the rehearsed line, "Oopps, I dropped your money."

Summer spun around and bent over at the waist. She paused to make sure that the officer got a long look at her ass. She once again pressed her breasts together, pulled at the lace edges of her orange bra and raised up. She turned towards the officer whose body completely filled the window of the ticket booth.

"That is a very nice view slut. Now unzip your dress and let me see the rest of you," Sgt. Owens ordered.

"Sgt. Owens, please do not make me do that here in this booth. Someone from the school or from the community may come by and see me. Please Sgt. Owens," Summer pleaded.

"The longer you delay the more likely it will be that you are discovered. And, it was my understanding that you were to do whatever you were instructed to do by the holder of the $100 bill," Sgt. Owens replied.

Resigned to her fate, Summer reached up with one hand to grasp the zipper lever and with the other held the garment tightly as she slowly lowered the zipper down past her bra, past her stomach and past the crotch of her panties. She released the zipper and held her hands at her sides while she waited for the officer's next order.

"Slut, I said unzip your dress and that means all the way. The next order from me will be to take it off if you don't do as I order you," was Sgt. Owens reply.

Summer paused momentarily as she looked around for familiar faces. Seeing no one around, Summer gripped the zipper and finished lowering it to the bottom of dress. Now Summer stood in the ticket booth with her dress completely open exposing her body covered only by the orange lingerie to the leering police officer.

"Pull it off your shoulders, back-up against the back wall, spread your legs and let me look at you slut," Owens commanded.

Because Sgt. Owens was a large man, there was almost no way anyone could see through the window. But, Summer worried about being discovered by someone coming in the back door. She reached over and locked the door knob. Summer then turned towards the commanding officer, slipped the dress off of her shoulders, spread her legs as wide as she could and leaned back against the back wall of the ticket booth.

"Very nice slut. Give me my ticket and I will see you after halftime," Sgt. Owens said.

Summer went to zip up her dress and that action was met with a short retort, "You can do that after I get my ticket.

Summer quickly handed over the required ticket to Sgt. Owens who then spun around and walked away leaving Summer completely exposed to anyone who happened to be walking by. She quickly zipped the dress back up just in time as the horn sounded signaling that it was halftime.

Summer quickly closed the ticket window and locked it. She reached up and drew down the black shade which indicated that ticket sales were closed. Anyone coming in at half time or later could go into the game for free.

Summer made sure that all the cash was counted, neatly arranged in the cash box and she then slid the remaining tickets off of the dispenser wheel, which she then slipped into the bottom of the cash box. Summer locked the cash box and placed it on the counter. She reached down and pulled both of her bags up off of the floor.

Summer reached into her purse and withdrew her make-up bag. She opened her mirror and looked at her face. Surprisingly, her make-up was still in pretty condition. She touched up her make-up to be sure to please her young master. She reapplied her slut red lipstick and then placed her make-up bag back into her purse. Now all she had to do was wait for Principal Harding to come and collect the cash drawer.

Summer watched the hands on her watch creep ever so slowly. She began to get uncomfortable in the booth because there was no air circulation. Her thighs were pressed together as she had to use the bathroom and because the last instruction had had the effect of turning her on knowing that she was being ordered to do something in such a public place. Both things had caused a little sweat begin to form on her hot flesh. Also, with the bra pressing her breasts together, there was a small streak of sweat running down her cleavage.

Thankfully, there was the knock on the door that she needed to hear. But, Summer found herself dreading opening the door because of the look she was sure to get from the principal. "Who is there," Summer asked.

"It is Principal Harding Shirley," came the reply.

Summer opened the door and saw the look of surprise as well as one of lust when the principal's eyes went from hers down her body focusing on her breasts that were pressed tightly together by the small cupped bra. Harding saw the long soft cleavage revealed by his English department head's tight denim dress that zipped all the way down the front. He focused on the "V" formed by the dress highlighting Summer's beautiful, tanned breasts.

"My, this is a pleasant surprise Ms. Wayne as I was expecting to find Shirley in here," the startled principal said.

"Well Mr. Harding, it was really my evening to do it, but I had asked Shirley to cover for me about two weeks ago. But, my schedule conflict worked out and I decided to spell her," said Summer.

The principal continued, "Well if I had known you here dressed as you are, I would have been down here helping you. You look great."

"Thank you Mr. Harding. I am heading off to meet some of my girl friends as we celebrate one of their birthdays," Summer hurriedly said.

"Well, if I had the opportunity, I would follow you there to make sure that you don't get into too much trouble. The way you are dressed spells trouble with at capital T Ms. Wayne," the principal said.

Harding reached past the teacher, rubbing her breasts with his arm as he grabbed the cash box. As he brought it back, he paused ever so slightly against the English teacher's breasts. Summer moved only slightly away from her boss' arm, which indicated to Harding that he could linger against her chest. Finally, Harding pulled the box away and then said with a wink, "Go and have a good time Ms. Wayne. Call me if you get into trouble."

Summer felt a surge of embarrassment as well as an overwhelming desire to please her dominant boss. Harding always evoked an air of superiority whenever she was in his presence. Summer could see how he had been successful in climbing the educational ladder. He always ran a tight ship at school and he had a unique way of having the staff buy into his programs as well as the direction he thought best for the school. Summer had always felt something towards Harding, but now her body was reacting to her developing submissive nature that her young master had helped her to realize as well as embrace.

Summer followed Harding out of the ticket booth and as Harding turned right, she turned left to exit the stadium facility. Summer walked purposefully, but cautiously as she made her way across the parking lot. She had to weave through the poorly arranged cars, which made her steps in the six inch white slut heels that much more difficult.

As she drew closer to the entrance to the gymnasium, a sense of dread came over her. Summer knew that she was going to be subjected to an evening of domination as well as submission to her young master as well as the four men that she had been required to give tickets to the evening's event. What set her off more was the fact that Sgt. Owens was one of the four men. Summer wondered how Master T knew the officer. She did not concentrate on the three other young men as she just figured that they were friends of Master T.

Summer swiped her identification card to enter the gym. She wondered how the group would gain interest to the building, but that was not her issue. Summer had to find her way to the boy's locker room without being detected. Fortunately, the hallways were quiet and dimly lit to lower energy costs for the school district. The only sounds she heard were those from the clicking of her six inch white slut heels as she walked briskly down the hallway.

As Summer's hand touched the boy's locker room door, her brain remembered the scene just last night watching William Demps have sex with Marsha, the young cheerleader who believed that she was going through an initiation, while Melanie Hart urged him on. Summer remembered watching Melanie on her knees as she took William's large cock ensuring that he was primed when he entered Marsha.

As she pushed in the door, Summer was surprised to find that the interior of the locker room was illuminated by all of the lights being turned on and a large poster board taped above locker 447, which was where she started last night. The poster board read:

This is my Submissive Slave Slut English Teacher My slut is to stand here and strip My slut is to only leave on her garter belt White Slut heels and Orange thong, which will be pulled up inside her slut cunt Fasten your slut collar around your neck Attach your slut leash to the collar Insert Pink Butt Plug in your slut ass Insert Black Egg into your slut cunt Put blindfold over eyes Place the handcuffs on your wrists Get down on your knees facing away from locker Raise your arms above your head and leave them there Wait exactly the way I have told you right here until I arrive

Summer just stood there looking at the sign. The first line brought a sense of reality to her. She was face-to-face with written evidence that she indeed was a submissive slut to her high school master and she had no alternative but to succumb to his demands. Oddly, Summer thought to herself, she was completely at ease with her submission. Her only concerns were being seen by someone other than her young master or his friends and her family finding out about her new lifestyle.

Faced with a possible all night gang bang, Summer thought it best to go into the bathroom and relieve herself. She walked across the tile floor, her heels clicking on the floor echoed through-out the locker room. Summer found the stall area, went into the first stall, closed the door, unzipped her dress completely, slid her thong down her legs and sat on the commode seat. While she sat there, Summer contemplated her life changes in just over a week.

Summer had answered that reply in her on-line profile on a lonely Thursday night, by sending the wrong picture that showed not only the big black dildo she was pumping into her pussy, but also a clear view of her face. The recipient of the email had been a high school senior, Todd Spillers. He had taken complete control of her by accumulating pictures, videos and had subjected her to various instances of degradation as well as submission at the hands of others. Her young master had had each of her nipples pierced with gold bar bell type piercings, both of her pussy lips had been pierced with rings and he had had her ear pierced with a loop that had three red beads signifying that she was his property. Each of her piercings would have to be cut off because the piercing specialist, Marcos, had made sure that the piercings could not be removed by Summer. Additionally, her Master T had had an ankle bracelet permanently placed on her left leg which she was to never take off.

Now here she was peeing as well as pooping in the boy's locker room bathroom. She completed relieving herself and then Summer walked to the sink, washed her hands and then used wet paper towels to wash her pussy as well as her ass. Carrying her dress draped over her arm, Summer walked back into the locker room area to locker 447. Summer could hear her footsteps echo in the room as her six inch white slut heels made a distinctive click on the tile floor.




Summer placed her dress in the locker and then reached between her breasts to unclasp the orange lace bra. As the bra was pulled from her breasts, Summer's nipples reacted to the cool air in the locker room and stiffened immediately. Her erect nipples were accentuated by her piercings that made her nipples always stand out, but the cool air made them stiffen even more. The bra joined her dress in the locker.

Summer reached inside her school bag to withdraw her pink butt plug, black vibrating egg, white rhinestone slut collar, handcuffs, blindfold and her white slut leash. Summer placed her right foot up onto the bench in front of locker 447 and slowly inserted the pink butt plug into her pussy. She had decided that her pussy juices would be sufficient lubrication for the insertion of the plug. Summer was not surprised that her pussy juices were already flowing and she quickly fucked the butt plug deeply into her pussy.

Summer pulled the plug out of her pussy and placed her right foot back on the floor. Summer spread her feet wide, pulled the string thong to the side, placed the tip of the butt plug against her ass hole, bent forward placing the palm of her left hand on the bench top and slowly fucked the butt plug into her ass. It took some effort, but in short order Summer had successfully inserted the butt plug. Summer had a feeling of fullness whenever the plug was in her ass, but this time given the circumstances as well as the location, her senses were even more in tune with her compliance.

Summer reached down, took the black vibrating egg and quickly inserted it into her ever moistening pussy. Summer pushed the device deep inside her pussy until she could feel it rub against the butt plug buried deep in her ass. Summer made sure that the rubber coated receiving wire was extended out of her pussy and then she pulled the side straps of her orange lace thong upwards ensuring that the small strip of material of the crotch was slipped between her pussy lips further securing the devices in her body holes.

Summer knew that she probably only had a few minutes before her young master and his friends would be arriving into the locker room. Summer fastened her white rhinestone collar around her neck and then attached the leash that matched her slut collar. Next Summer placed the blindfold on her head, but not covering her eyes. She had to fasten the handcuffs on her wrists and she would need her eyes to ensure that the cuffs were locked properly.

Clothed only with the orange garter belt, hose, orange lace string thong, white six inch slut heels, Summer slipped the fur lined hand cuff onto her left wrist and clicked into place. Next Summer slipped the cuff onto her right wrist and after twisting her arms was able to click the cuff closed. All that remained to be in compliance with the poster board sign instructions was covering her eyes for the evening, Summer reached up with her hands locked in the cuffs and pulled the leopard print blindfold over her eyes. This blind fold was larger than normal so it covered half of her face falling almost down to her lips, but not covering them. Summer knelt down to the floor on her knees and raised her arms above her head, while waiting for her newest sexual submission as well as humiliation to happen.

With her arms above her head, the cold air continued to stimulate Summer's nipples. Her nervous breathing caused her breasts to rise in fall, but her nipples remained hardened with excitement as well as anxiousness about being bound and blindfolded in the boy's locker room.

Summer listened intently hoping that she would be discovered by her young master and his friends. She could not think about being discovered by another student or administrator at the school thereby wrecking her professional career and ultimately her life as she knew it. She could feel the moisture in her pussy as the muscles continued to squeeze the egg buried in her pussy. The butt plug gave her a sense of fullness as it continued its stretching of her sphincter muscles.

As her arms began to tire, Summer heard the door to the locker room open. She listened intently in the hope that she was not being discovered, but was being found by her young master, which would be a relief for her. She was perplexed because she wanted to please her young master and she did not want to be discovered by anyone else. But, pleasing her young master further thrust her deeper into submission as a willing slave to her teenage master.

Summer heard footsteps coming towards her across the tile floor of the locker room. There was no other sound and the person did not speak. Summer felt hands on her wrists and she was startled by the sudden touch. She dared not to speak as she knew that she was only allowed to speak when told to do so. The hands on her arms pulled upwards further extending her arms uncomfortably upwards. When the hands released her arms, Summer found that she could not lower them. She could feel the cloth of a bungee cord and she realized that whoever it was had secured her arms over her head by hooking the cord through the links in the hand cuffs as well as to the top of the locker.

Summer was now unable to move her arms and was completely helpless. Though her legs were not restrained, Summer could not risk disobeying her young master's directions buy standing up. Summer realized that she was now posed directly under the poster depicting her as her young master's slut slave. She remembered the arrows on each side of the poster pointing directly downward, which was further confirmation that Summer Wayne, high school English teacher, mother as well as a wife, is a slut and was Master T's submissive slave.

Summer could hear the click of a camera, but she could not see the flash of the multiple pictures being taken of her. Each man had been allowed to bring their own camera, but it was with the understanding that no picture could be shared with anyone else or there would be problems with Todd as well as from his friend Bill Fraser. Each of the four men knew of Todd's close relationship with Bill Fraser and each had been involved in illegal gambling games at Fraser's poker room. They knew how he treated cheaters or debt dodgers, so they dared not to tempt fate by drawing Fraser's ire for not following Todd's requirements.

Summer still did not know who was in the room or how many people were there. She knew that at least five people could be coming to participate in her degradation, but she was hopeful that that was all that her young master had included in his plans for the evening.

"Slut, you have pleased me. I am glad that you did as instructed as I would have been disappointed if you had not and embarrassed me in front of my friends," Summer heard the welcomed, but domineering voice of her young master.

"Thank you Master T," was Summer's only reply.

Speaking to the four men that he had included in his gang bang party for his slut, "Did you bring your lab test results?"

Each of the men gave Todd a copy of their lab results. It had been Todd's requirement that they bring proof that they were disease free as it was important to him to keep his slut clean when sharing her. He wanted her to crave cock and serving men, but he wanted to keep her body free from disease. Though she did not hear, Bill Fraser had required each of this week's participants to be clean the night she was gang fucked in his store. The experience that she had had in the glory hole booth had also been arranged for clean men for her to suck while there.

Summer was both relieved that she was being protected by her young master as well as thankful for his thoughtfulness. But, on the other hand, she was going to be the source of pleasure for his friends.

At that moment, the vibrating egg in her pussy jumped to life. Todd skipped the preliminary low level stimulations and went immediately to ten on the controller. Summer's pussy immediately reacted by grasping at the egg as its stimulations forced the butt plug in her ass to be manipulated by the vibrating egg. Her body was on full stimulation as she felt hands on her breasts as they were being squeezed, pulled and her nipples were being twisted by multiple hands.

Summer felt a hand on the back of her head as she was being drawn forward until she felt the tip of a cock against her lips. Summer knew what was expected. She immediately let the cock slip into her mouth and massaged it with her tongue as she sucked it as it was forced deeper into her mouth. Nick's hand grasped the back of her head tighter by wrapping his fingers in her hair using his grip to force her mouth further down his shaft. Nick kept his pubic area closely clipped, but not fully shaven because his outdoor work created an uncomfortable situation as he sweated. Nick was a blond, blue eyed nice looking young man. He had befriended Todd the previous summer when his construction crew had finished installing the infinity pool in Todd's family's back yard. They had shared several beers as well as Melanie Hart over the course of the month of construction. Nick had been in the military having served three tours in Iraq and had taken advantage of the VA program for educational benefits earning a degree in Landscape Architecture.

Just as Summer got into a rhythm with Nick's stiff seven inch, pretty thick cock, it was pulled from her mouth with a stream of saliva trailing as it slipped past her lips. But, her mouth was only empty for seconds as Will's cock slipped past her lips. Will was not as gentle as Nick and Summer guessed that it was the more vocal of the four ticket purchasers earlier when he had made her pull the hem of her dress up to show her ass to him as she was bent over in the ticket booth. This cock was not as thick as the first cock, but it was much longer. The bulbous head, which was shaped like a mushroom, slipped easily to the back of her throat. The man moved her head back just a little which allowed the head to slip into her throat. Will's cock went fully down Summer's throat and Summer felt the man's pelvic bone pressed against her nose, but there was no mound of pubic hair, which Summer liked. Summer found it easier to tilt her head back on her own to allow the man an easier path. Will's favorite sex act was burying his nine, slim inches deep in an ass. He preferred a woman, but he had assisted Bill Fraser several times in fucking a man's ass while tied to a seat in his theater to teach the man a lesson.

Just as Summer got into a rhythm with this cock, Will pulled it from her mouth abruptly, but his was replaced by a shorter, but much thicker cock. Adam's cock was fully erect, but seemed to be only about six inches in length. Adam had been a pretty good poker player when he was in college. He had majored in calculus and had taken his analytical skills to Vegas trying the professional poker tour. Initially, he had been successful, but he found that you needed to have money to make it there as he was playing with his money that he did not feel he could lose it. He had moved back to the area and gotten into local games where he made a fair living. At least that was until he got hooked into Bill Fraser's games. At first he won, but he found out that the games were rigged and soon Adam was on Bill's payroll taking money from unskilled, but wealthy business men as they travelled to the city from all over.

The girth of Adam's cock forced Summer to open her mouth as wide as she could and it took all of her effort to keep from having her teeth dig into the cock. Adam had been part of Bill Fraser's entertainment shows in the past where he would lie on his back and a young girl Bill had discovered would be lowered onto his thick cock while an audience bet how long it would take her to cum.

Adam was happy to just fill Summer's mouth and pull her head forward until her nose was pressed against his pelvis bone and into his thick red pubic bush. Adam thrust his cock fully into Summer's mouth, grabbed the back of her head with both hands and let his cock rest at the back of her throat. Adam held it firmly in her mouth by not releasing her head. Summer's nose was pressed so tightly against Adam's pubic area that it was being crushed by the bone, which was preventing her from breathing. Summer began to struggle against Adam, but to no avail. She felt herself gasping for air and was finally able to open her mouth just far enough to get some air.

Just as quickly the thick cock was removed and replaced by a new cock. This cock was larger than the other three. Summer also knew from experience that it was bigger than Todd's in both length and thickness. The owner knew how to utilize a willing mouth by forcing his cock in and out of it to his benefit without regard for the comfort of the mouth. Summer rightly figured that the owner of this cock was Sgt. Owens, but there was no sound to indicate that she was right.

After a few minutes of being face fucked by Sgt. Owens, Summer was relieved to hear her young master's voice, "Ok that is enough. Let's get her covered up so we can get her downstairs for the real party."

Sgt. Owens' cock was immediately pulled out of her mouth, but Summer tried her best to hold on to it as long as possible. Having cocks fucked in and out of her mouth was becoming great stimulation for Summer now. In addition, the constant vibration in her pussy was bringing her closer to an orgasm.

"Summer are you getting ready to cum," she was asked by Master T.

"Yes Master T. I am getting very close to cumming," Summer replied.

"When can you cum slut," Master T asked Summer.

"Master T, I can only cum when you give me permission to cum," Summer replied.

"Would you like to cum slut," came Master T's reply.

"Yes Master T," Summer said.

"Well, beg us slut," Master T replied.

"Master T, may I please cum as I need it so badly," Summer said.

"Not good enough Slut. I don't think you are really ready to cum," Master T replied.

"But, Master T I am so close. Please Master T let me cum," Summer said more pleadingly.

"Tell us who you are first," Master T said.

"Master T, I am your slut," Summer replied.

"And what will you do to be able to cum slut," Master T asked Summer.

"Master T, I will do whatever you tell me to do. Please allow me to cum," Summer replied.

"Ok slut you may cum. But, first you must stand up and spread those long legs of yours," Master T ordered.

Summer quickly struggled to rise up off of the floor as none of the five men did anything to assist her. As she slowly rose, the constant vibration in her pussy continued to bring her closer to orgasm. When she had been able to rise to her feet, Summer slid her feet as far apart as possible given that she was wearing the white six inch slut heel and her arms were still raised above her head, though her arms were no longer being stretched by the bungee cord. Summer did not dare lower her arms as she had not been instructed to do so.

The men stood only a couple of feet away from the compliant English teacher. The men did not know she was a teacher at this school except for Todd and Sgt. Owens. Summer leaned back against the wall of lockers and strained to grasp the egg tighter. In this position, the vibrating egg not only stimulated her pussy, but also her anal passage way as the vibrations shook the pink butt plug buried deep inside her and it was pressed against the thin membrane separating her pussy cavity from her anal tunnel.

Summer felt her body getting closer to the edge of orgasm and began to slowly move her hips upwards in an attempt to let the thin material of her thong rub more intensely on her clit. But, she could not get over the hump. She moaned in frustration and tried harder to grasp the black egg. The men smiled at her predicament and began to encourage her to cum. Summer heard the men calling her all kinds of vile slut names telling her how much of a slut she was. She suddenly felt hands on her body rubbing her all over, but paying particular attention to her breasts, ass and a hand had slipped between her ass cheeks applying pressure on the base of the butt plug forcing it deeper into her body.

The welcomed human touch of the many hands did the trick. Summer's body erupted in orgasm with her pussy squeezing the egg even harder keeping it in place to extend the orgasmic feeling. The hands were withdrawn and she felt her hands being released from the bungee binding.

Todd then said, "Slut, we are going to wrap your body in a dark silk robe. It is one of the robes we use in your play productions. So, do not fight us, relax and we will be carrying you to our playroom."

Summer now became concerned. She had thought that her submission would be served quickly there in the locker room. But, Summer realized that her submission was only beginning and that her servitude was going to be served in Todd's hidden play room. She felt the coolness of the robe as it was wrapped around her.

When Sgt. Owens was satisfied that she was sufficiently covered, he bent at the waist and Summer was pushed forward by Todd. Summer felt the push and leaned forward until her stomach rested on the man's shoulder. She felt strong hands grab the back of her thighs. Summer felt her body lifted upwards as the man stood. Summer felt the man turn and could feel him walking through the locker room.

Adam was holding the locker room door open and Sgt. Owens, carrying the evening's entertainment on his shoulder, followed Todd down the hallway. The three other men fell in line behind Todd and Sgt. Owens. There was no conversation as all five men were on high alert expecting to be discovered at any moment.

Todd reached the corridor's end, which was the entrance to the school's stage that hosted numerous events during the school year, which his slut teacher managed or directed. Todd knew about the old trap door that had been used years ago, but had been abandoned as a way to enhance performances. Todd reached down, pulled back the rubber mat that covered the door. Summer heard a latch being pulled and then twisted it to unlock the door. Todd pulled the door upwards and clicked on his flashlight. Todd was the first down the hidden stairwell and found the switch that allowed the room to be illuminated for safety as well as for his private use. He had taken several unsuspecting school girls down these steps and had been successful in using the area for his personal enjoyment as well as his friends. This is where Melanie was introduced to her first gang bang with several members of the football team, which had turned her into his slut after she saw all of the pictures as well as the video of the event. Melanie could not allow her mother to find out about her indiscretion as well as her enjoyment of multiple cocks all at once.

Sgt. Owens had little trouble navigating the stairwell with Summer balanced on his shoulder. There was a hand rail for assisting in balancing as he descended the stairs. Summer felt herself going down stairs, but she did not know where in the gym there were stairs that went down to a lower level.

As the last of the five men, Will pulled the drawstring as he stepped down the stairs, which closed the door behind him. Now Todd was comfortable that the risk of discovery was very low. Nick carried all of Summer's clothes, her school bag, her purse and the slut sign she had knelt under as they took pictures of her.

When he reached the bottom of the stairs, Sgt. Owens lowered Summer off of his shoulder placing her on the floor supported only by her six inch white slut heels. Summer was unsteady, but stood as still as possible. Summer felt the robe being pulled from her and she felt warmth around her body and she heard what she thought to be steam releases so this must be some sort of mechanical room she thought.

What Summer heard was a hydraulic piston sound as a former stage was lowered. As the stage lowered to floor level, the five men looked at Todd's newest contraption. Todd had had Nick and his crew built it out of the excess lumber from his work around his family's house. Todd had made sure that the exact pieces he needed for his design had been included in the material orders' for Nick's work.





















The contraption was a modified saw horse that one would use when measuring and cutting lumber. The top level of the saw horse was a one inch by six inch board that was about three feet long. It was fastened to the saw horse with screws. The board was covered with a think pad covered by red leather. On one side of the saw horse the men saw a spreader bar with felt covered restraints. On the other side of the saw horse was a locking mechanism that looked like the restraint locks that criminals were forced into in public places where their hands and heads were held in place as they were made to stand to suffer humiliation for their crimes. Often those individuals were subjected to food being thrown at them to add additional humiliation to their sentences.

In Todd's contraption, the locking mechanism was for Summer's hands to be secured in place offering complete submission as well as access to her ass hole and cunt. But, before placing her in this contraption, it was time for more humiliating things to be done to Summer for his group's entertainment.

Todd grabbed the white rhinestone leash and pulled forward forcing Summer to follow him. Todd walked Summer around the room on her high heel shoes, blind folded with the sexual devices still in her body. Todd pulled the leash to a stop and Summer almost stumbled to a fall. She caught herself and stood perfectly still.

"Ok slut, we are here to be pleased and served by you. You are my slut and if you don't want the school, your family as well as the community to find out about your submissiveness you will do everything you are told to do by my friends. Do you understand slut," Todd asked.

"Yes Master T," was Summer's only reply.

"Good Slut. Strip off your thong for us," Master T ordered.

Summer hooked her thumbs in the side straps of her string thong. She slowly pulled it down past her hips, below her ass cheeks and then it fell down her legs to her ankles. She started to kick the thong off of her feet when she heard, "No slut. Turn around, bend over at the waist and then take the thong off. Stay bent over after you get the thong off of your feet," Sgt. Owens ordered.

Summer shuffled her feet with the thong around her ankles and slowly, carefully turned around so that she thought her back was to her tormentors. Summer did not realize that the stage that she was standing on was lit with a spot light and the locker room sign was attached just above her head. The men were each snapping pictures detailing the submissive acts of the high school English teacher. Todd had set up the video recording device that Bill Fraser had given him to permanently save her performance.

Once Summer was satisfied that her back was to the men, bent over and slipped the thong off of one foot then the other. She remained bent at the waist which gave the men a direct view of her ass and cunt. The men could see the base of the pink butt plug peeking back at them from Summer's ass crack. They could also see the receiver cord as it exited Summer's pussy. They also could see Summer's pussy juice moistening her pierced pussy lips.

"Man you had her pussy lips pierced. That is so damn hot," Will said.

"Yes she really enjoyed the piercing experience as we also had her silver dollar sized nipples pierced at the same time," Todd added.

"Yes I saw them when she unzipped her dress for me in the ticket booth," Sgt. Miller added.

"Slut, spread those fucking legs," Todd ordered.

As Summer struggled to spread her legs, she found her balance to be quite difficult to manage because of the height of her heels, the blind fold stripping her of her sight and the exertion she had already had from the orgasm. Once she had spread her legs as far as she physically could she heard, "Now slut, I want you to fuck your ass with that bright pink butt plug," Adam ordered.

Summer reached around and grabbed the base of her butt plug and slowly pulled the plug back towards to the men looking at her. She slowly began to fuck it back and forth inside her ever expanding asshole. She felt her sphincter muscles begin to relax from having had the plug in her for some time now.

Summer felt presence beside her and then she heard Nick say, "Faster Slut."

Summer increased her speed, but it did not satisfy Nick. "Slut, I am going to slap your ass. You are to match my strokes with your fucking motion with your pink butt plug."

Summer felt his hand on her left ass cheek and then she felt it move away only to feel it land back on her ass. She felt the slaps and began to match the slaps on her ass. Nick increased the speed of his slaps and Summer was able to match the slaps. The men could see her moving her ass back to match the thrusts of the butt plug as well as Nick's hand against her ass. She began to grunt not only in response to the slaps, but also the impact of the tip of the butt plug being forced deeper and faster into her ass.

"Slut, use your other hand on your clit as I want to see you cum," came instructions from Sgt. Owens.

Summer slipped her left hand between her legs and her fingers found her erect clit. In rapid succession, Summer matched the slaps on her ass with thrusts of the butt plug into her ass with strokes of her clit. Nick increased the speed and intensity of his slaps, which caused Summer to increase the pace of fucking the plug in her ass and her fingers on her clit.

"Do you want to cum slut," Todd asked.

"Yes Master T, PLEASE," Summer shouted.

"Cum Slut," was all Summer needed to hear.

Summer's body erupted in orgasm all the while Nick continued to spank her ass cheeks as her fingers rapidly massaged her clit while her hand pushed the butt plug as far into her body as she could.

"Very nice slut. Pull that plug out of your ass," came directions from Will. Continuing, "I want to see that stretched ass hole."

Summer slowly pulled the plug from her ass. It took some effort to pull it free as the plug was deep, but her sphincter muscles continued to grasp at the pleasurable instrument as it slowly eased back out of her ass. Once out she heard, "Show us the plug slut."

Summer still bent at the waist and as Nick continued to spank her, held the pink butt plug so that it could be seen by the men. 

"Stop spanking my slut," Todd said.

Nick immediately stopped slapping the teacher's ass noticing that it glowed a bright red tint.

"Stand up slut and turn around," came Todd's next command.

Summer turned slowly around as she continued to hold the plug in her hand. Once she turned around she heard, "Slut, that butt plug is disgusting, put it in your mouth to clean it"

Summer hesitated because the thought of putting the butt plug in her mouth with the lingering juices from anal passageway was more than she thought she could do. She remained motionless while holding the butt plug in front of her.

"Do it now or I will have Sgt. Owens use his night stick on your ass hole and then make you clean that," Todd said.

Summer realized that her choices were non-existent. She of course could not suffer having her ass fucked with a police officer's black night stick. Those things were at least 18 inches in length and Summer knew that Owens would take no mercy on her.

Resigned to her disgusting fate, Summer brought her left hand up to her face and as the tip of the plug approached her lips, Summer could smell the juices from her ass coating the plug. She opened her mouth and as the tip slid past her lips, Summer's fears were confirmed as the taste of the plug was both disgusting and degrading. 

The men watched as the teacher slid the plug into her mouth. The plug's diameter was slightly smaller than that of Adam's cock, but not by much. The size forced Summer to make a wide "O" to allow it to be fully inserted into her mouth. The base of the plug rested against her lips as the tip of the plug rested against the back of her throat. The circumference of the plug filled her mouth completely and Summer had to take deep breaths through her nose to maintain an acceptable oxygen level.

The men continued to take pictures of the English teacher standing on the stage, below the slut sign with a pink butt plug inserted into her mouth, a white rhinestone slut collar around her neck, a white leash attached to the collar, orange garter belt, hose and her white six inch slut heels.

Todd started up the vibrating egg in Summer's pussy again. The men watched as her body suddenly tightened when it felt the egg jump to life. Summer's hands immediately went to her clit in an attempt to bring herself to a quick orgasm. "Take your hands away from your pussy slut," Todd commanded.

"Fuck your face with your butt plug slut," Adam injected.

Summer reached up and slowly fucked the plug in and out of her mouth.

"Squeeze your nipples slut," Will ordered.

Summer's mind and body was on overload. The more directions she received the more she wanted to comply. Summer's body was taking over and her mind no longer controlled her. She did not think of anything other than the commands of the men and her desire to cum. She was pulling on one nipple then the other one in compliance with Will's direction. The butt plug was easily sliding in and out of her mouth. The vibrating egg was driving her closer and closer to orgasm.

"Bend over slightly for me slut," Will ordered as he walked up behind the moaning teacher.

Will let a trail of saliva drip out of his mouth and it landed directly on the crack of Summer' ass. He watched it slide downward towards her puckered ass hole. Once the spit reached the ass hole, Will rolled the police night stick head around it making sure to coat the tip. Will placed his hand on the base of Summer's back, put the tip of the stick against her ass hole and by twisting the handle, slowly inserted the head of the stick. Unbeknownst to Summer, but Will was preparing her ass for his long cock.

Summer could not take any more stimulation as the egg in her pussy was driving her towards the orgasm. But, the whole scene of submission and degradation was making her try harder to meet her Master's instructions to cum. She felt something hard sliding into her anal passageway and realized that it was the police officer's night stick. She pushed back against the stick as it slipped past her tightening sphincter muscles.

Once Will had been successful in inserting six inches of the night stick into Summer's ass, he and Nick coaxed Summer to spin slightly so that the men could see her fucking the butt plug into her mouth as well as the night stick buried in her ass.

To Summer's relief she heard from Todd, "Cum now slut."

Summer's body erupted in orgasm. Her body rocked back towards the night stick hoping that it would fuck deeper inside her. She pulled at her nipples to intensify the orgasm.

While she was in the throes of orgasm, Nick, Will and Adam lifted her up. Effortlessly, the men carried Summer over to Todd's binding contraption. They first laid Summer over the red leather pad and held her against it as Will leaned down to fasten the spreader bar restraints to each ankle. Will then twisted the police night stick around a couple of times before withdrawing it. Next, Nick and Adam pulled Summer's arms downward until they were able to close the locking mechanism around her wrists still cuffed together by her fur lined hand cuffs. However, the men did not remove the butt plug from Summer's mouth.

Summer was now bent at the waist with her pussy spread wide because her legs were stretched by the spreader bar. She was resting on the stomach pad as well as the six inch slut heels. Her hands were attached to the contraption stretching her body downwards. The men could see the pussy lips of the slut teacher glistening with her pussy juices and the piercing rings were clearly visible. Summer's puckered ass hole peered back at her five tormentors and each was thinking about how it was going to feel to fuck the teacher's cunt as well as to dump their loads of cum into her ass.

Todd walked up and pulled the receiver cord of the black egg while it continued to vibrate inside his slut teacher's cunt. As he withdrew the egg, Todd saw Summer's pussy gaping open as a result of the egg's presence. Todd ran the egg down to Summer's clit and let its vibration further stimulate the exposed teacher.

Todd intentionally brought Summer to the brink of orgasm two times without allowing her to cum. Summer was now primed for multiple orgasms as her gang bang began. While Todd had been manipulating Summer's erect clit, each of the four other men had stripped out of their clothes. There were four very erect cocks of various sizes that were going to have their way with Todd's slut teacher.

The first to insert his cock was Will. He easily slipped it past her glistening pussy lips and he buried it completely into the teacher without any resistance. The sexual contraption that Todd had built placed a woman's pussy entrance and anal passageway in the exact positions for easy insertion. "Todd, this is perfect as I don't have to reposition the slut or anything," Will exclaimed.

Summer felt the cock easily slipping in and out of her pussy. In this bent over position, Summer was just an object for the entertainment and satisfaction for her current tormentors. Will's hands were on her hips and she felt his ball sack slap against her clit each time he slammed his long, mushroomed headed cock deeper into her pussy. Summer concentrated on sucking air through her nose as her mouth was filled with the ass juice stained butt plug. The plug served as a gag also to keep her moans and screams muffled.

Will increases his pace as he felt certain that he would be able to dump more than one load of his cum into this hot teacher; especially in the slut's tight ass. He pulled his cockhead almost out of Summer's pussy and then jammed it all the way until it met the deepest depths of her pussy. When his cockhead touched her there, it exploded in orgasm filling her pussy with his cum.

Summer could feel the hot jism exploding from Will's cock hitting the inside of her pussy wall. Summer could feel her pussy muscles involuntarily grasp the cock as Will began to pull the now semi-erect cock from her pussy when Summer's body erupted in orgasm.

In mid-orgasm, Summer felt Will's cock being replaced by Nick's fuller, but only slightly shorter than Will's cock. Nick was not one to be loving while fucking. His whole goal was to get on, get in and then get off. While Nick's cock was pistoning in and out of her pussy, Summer was still overcome by the residual effects of her latest orgasm. Her body was convulsing while bent over the sex contraption. Her pussy was being assaulted by Nick's menacing cock and in her current spread position; every area of her cunt is being touched by his cock.

Nick, drawing closer to orgasm, pulled his cock head all the way out to the pierced pussy lips of the English teacher, he paused, he feels her pussy attempt to grab his cock and then he slammed his cock into the depths of Summer's cunt exploding all the way down past her cervix. Summer's body erupts in orgasm as she feels the balls of her latest tormentor slam into her clit and his cum splashing against the inside walls of her pussy.

Summer could hardly breathe because of the position she had been placed with the padded bar squeezing her lower abdomen, the thick butt plug still jammed into her mouth and the pounding she was receiving from Nick. Her orgasm only intensified her feeling of helplessness because she could not fight off the cock, remove the plug or scream to relieve the pressure from the orgasm she was experiencing.

As he pulled his cock out of the English teacher's cunt, Nick began to slap her ass cheeks calling her a slut, cunt, slave and cum depository for all men. Summer heard his rant, but the slaps on her ass intensified the remnants of her orgasm increasing her need to scream through her butt plug gag.

As he stepped up to the exposed teacher, Adam stroked his cock further intensifying his erection. His cock, though shorter than Nick & Will's cocks, was much thicker. His cock reminded girls he had fucked that it was like the base of a Corona beer bottle. Adam found the sight of his cock extending out of his full red bush quite a sight. Adam did not spend a lot of time looking at it mind you, but he remembered the gasps he received as a woman spread wide before him saw, then felt the head of his cock slip past their pussy lips. He found it much better to make sure that the girl's pussy was fully lubricated so he had become quite adept at licking and sucking a pussy.

Adam looked down at the teacher's pussy and saw the cum deposited there by Will as well as Nick, so he knew he did not need to help lubricate the slut teacher's cunt. He placed the tip of his cock at the entrance to Summer's pussy and he could feel it still convulsing from her most recent orgasm. Adam slowly worked the head of his cock into the teacher's exposed cunt. He loved that word and Adam watched as his cock head disappear.

Adam tightened his ass cheeks as he began to push his Corona bottle sized cock slowly down the soft canal of the bent and exposed teacher. Adam could feel Summer's body react to the insertion of his cock. From experience, Adam knew that the interior muscles of Summer's cunt were attempting to prevent the large cock from passing too deeply inside. But, Adam pushed forward making sure not to push too directly forward, but in a downward direction to fully insert his cock. Summer's bent position afforded access, but for Adam's cock he needed to be more careful as he did not want to harm the teacher. Adam wanted to be able to use her repeatedly tonight and hurting her too early would not help him accomplish his desire to cum multiple times in the English teacher's body.

Summer bit into the pink, foul tasting butt plug that was fully inserted into her mouth. The base of the plug was pressed against her lips as the tapered end of the butt plug was gripped by the teacher's front teeth. Summer tried to pull away from the invading cock that felt like the head of a baseball bat sliding slowly down the inside of her pussy. Summer raised her head up slightly shaking it from side to side. But, because her hands were restrained by the cuffs in the locking mechanism the sex contraption, Summer's head movement was only slight. Adam took this motion as one of submission and acceptance of his cock.

This perceived encouragement from the English teacher was all that Adam needed to force the remaining length and girth of his cock fully into the cunt before him. Adam looked down to see his cock disappearing into the teacher's already cum lubricated cunt and his red pubic hair pressed against her ass. Adam's full, egg sized balls were pressed against the teacher's clit. Adam left his cock buried inside the teacher's cunt, while he felt her attempts to grab it. He pulsed his cock a couple of times to pump more blood into his Corona bottle.

Adam felt that he had sufficiently stretched the mouth and walls of Summer's cunt. Slowly, but surely Adam began to fuck the entire length of his cock into and out of the English teacher's cunt. He increased his speed and intensity. Adam knew that he could fuck for a long period because, once he stretched the inner walls of a girl or woman's cunt, he found it easier to last longer. To compensate for the lack of friction, he commonly would insert the long neck of a Corona beer into the woman's ass while he fucked them. He did not have a beer bottle handy, so Adam decided to just jam two fingers into Summer's ass.

Summer thought that her pussy would be irreparably damaged by the monstrous cock fucking her pussy. She tried to adjust her body to accept the cock's assault by raising up head to slant her body better to accept the cock. But, her wrist restraints prevented her from rising up to meet the assault. She felt the cock begin to fuck her harder the moment that she raised her head up. The cock began to piston up and down her lubricated pussy, when she felt fingers being inserted into her ass. The fingers began to work in concert with the baseball sized cock being jammed into her by going in the opposite motion.









Summer could feel the fingers rubbing against the walls of her anal passageway up against the baseball bat currently fucking her. Summer tried to avoid the invading fingers, but she was unable to move because of her restraints, the pressure of the body pressed up against her and the almost limp condition of her limbs.

Adam began to feel the first tremors of orgasm and from experience he knew that the sooner he came in a fuck session, the more times he would be able to cum that evening. Knowing this, Adam began to fuck Summer's stretched cunt with more vigor. Simultaneously, Adam forced his middle and index fingers fully into the teacher's stretched ass hole. Each time he buried his Corona bottle sized cock to the base of his red pubic covered pelvis bone inside the teacher, he pulled his fingers almost out of her ass stimulating the top side of his cock.

Adam slid his fingers halfway inside the teacher's ass, which placed his fingers flat against the inside wall of Summer's anal passageway. Each time the head of his thick cock slid down the teacher's cunt, it was massaged by his own fingers. Adam wanted to cum now, so he started to stroke his cock with his fingers in Summer's ass while his free hand grabbed a fleshy portion of the teacher's ass cheek to give him more leverage as he fucked her.

The fingers in Summer's ass and the tightness of her cunt wall finally had the desired effect on his cock as it erupted when he fully inserted the cock to his pubic hair. Though he was not as long as Will's or Nick's, he was able to splash his cum into the depths of the teacher's cunt because his ejaculation pressure was superior to theirs.

Summer could feel the cock's intensity increase and she could feel the fingers pistoning in her ass rubbing the cock buried in her pussy. If it was possible, Summer felt the baseball bat increase in hardness as it erupted into her pussy. Immediately upon feeling the cock begin to erupt, Summer's body shuddered in her fifth orgasm that was achieved by the three cocks that had been introduced to her by her young master as well as the humiliating instructed orgasms prior to being attached to the sex contraption. As the cock stopped quivering inside her pussy, Summer's pussy walls began to grasp the now semi-hard cock. As Adam withdrew his cock, he was impressed by the gripping power of the slut teacher's cunt and he watched as a long stream of cum followed his cock head out.

Summer realized that she had had sex with three complete strangers, but that she had had three intense orgasms as their cocks had exploded inside her pussy in addition to the two orgasms that her young master had allowed as well as directed her to have while being watched by the five men. She felt shame at realizing that, but thankful that she had because she felt that she was pleasing her young master. Summer wished that she could spit the butt plug out of her mouth, but there was no way she could physically do it even without Master T's approval.

"Well Todd, I guess it is my turn. I am pleased that I did not get to go first as the idea of inserting my cock in her nasty hole filled with three cum dumps is not something that pleases me," Sgt. Bill Owens.

"I thought that you would feel that way Bill. Here take this Corona bottle, take the cap off, shake it up and then shove it down my slut's cunt to clean it out," Todd said.

Summer heard the whole conversation about her like she was some type of object. She did not want a bottle of beer pushed inside her now very sensitive pussy. She could feel cum leaking out of her pussy and she could hear it hitting the floor between her legs as it dropped out of her.

Sgt. Owens took the bottle and the opener flipping the bottle cap onto the floor. As he walked up onto the stage with his Viagra enhanced menacing cock bouncing with every step, the domineering police officer shook the cold Corona bottle vigorously. He could feel the pressure building against his thumb and he was still trying to figure out how to insert it without getting splashed with the bottle's content.

Bill stood to the side of the teacher, which posed his back to the group of young men. They noticed the hairy ass of the large, muscular police officer. Each had been subjected to his form of justice at points in their lives. Most particularly, Owens had saved Todd from an embarrassing DUI, with a catch. Todd had had a nude Melanie Hart in the car with him at the time and her head had been buried in his lap with her ass up in the air as he drove through the suburbs. The sudden appearance of blue lights had not affected Todd's erection to at all. Melanie, with saliva slipping down her chin, jumped up and cried, "Oh fuck Todd. My clothes are locked in the trunk. What am I going to do?"

As the officer walked up to the driver's side window, Melanie scrambled to cover herself. Todd did not attempt to hide his erection as he felt that that might help him mitigate his situation. Suffice it to say that that night, he had had a glorious blow job in the back seat of a police cruiser as Bill stuffed Melanie's pussy and ass with his large cock.

Tonight was Todd's final payment to Sgt. Owens who had stopped Summer Wayne earlier in the week. Subsequent to that stop, he had had his weekly coffee with the high school senior mentioning the stop. That set tonight's activities in motion for Todd in his desire to further train, humiliate and degrade his newest slut. He wanted her body reacting to men, understanding that her role was now to serve his demands and that she was under his complete control.

Bill shook the bottle several more hard times until he felt some liquid begin to seep around his thumb. Bill positioned his thumb over the bottle top directly at the gaping hole of the English teacher's cunt. In one quick motion, Bill removed his thumb and jammed the full length of the long neck bottle down Summer's cunt.

Summer felt the cold liquid explode into her pussy. In one sense the cooling liquid relieved some of the pain that she was experiencing from the three fucks she had just experienced. On the other hand, the explosion of liquid filled her like nothing she had experienced as the three loads of cum from her first three fucks was mixed with and then partially spewed out of her stretched cunt as it leaked around the long neck of the Corona still pushed deeply into her cunt.

Bill and the others watched as the beer foam and cum ran out of the teacher's cunt. They began to laugh and berate the teacher for having been such a slut to enjoy the cum of complete strangers. They told her how disgusting it was to watch the cum as well as the beer spilling out of her pussy, down her legs and onto the stage floor. Bill chimed in, "Slut we will be making you lap up that disgusting mixture of cum and beer before we leave tonight for sure. We cannot leave any traces that a slut was fucked down here."

Summer shuttered as Bill fucked the bottle neck deeper into her pussy. She could feel her pussy lips spreading as the long neck of the bottle was pushed further into her by the tall, muscular police officer. Bill slowly fucked the bottle back and forth forcing more cum out of the teacher's stretched pussy, but also lubricating the bottle neck for its insertion in her ass when he was ready to cum.

Summer's body began to react to the invasion of the Corona bottle neck and her mind harkened back to Sunday afternoon when Lisa and her husband Steve had done similar things to her on her patio. The bottle's opening was plunging to depths that the first cock of the evening had touched only a few minutes ago. That first cock was larger in circumference, but not too much larger. Bill quickened his pace of forcing the glass bottle cock in and out of the English teacher's cunt. Summer was raising her head up trying to meet the thrusts as her body was once again approaching orgasm.

All of the physical, verbal and sexual domination was having the desired effect that Todd wanted for his slut teacher. Todd knew from his brief experience with Summer, that she was perfectly suited to be a submissive slut. She was an older version of Melanie Hart, but with an even better body. His experience taught him that once a submissive realizes that her pleasure came from pleasing others, that total submission was inevitable. Todd knew that Summer was on the brink of total submission and his plans for Saturday as well as Sunday would culminate with his complete ownership of the high school English teacher. He planned to own and manipulate her after her husband James came home from Asia and through the rest of the school year. Once school was over, he would more than likely turn her over to Terry as he was a dominant in training with Todd.

Bill then said to the three young men who had already dumped their cum into Summer, "Grab her titties and squeeze those nipples Adam and Nick. Will stand on the other side of her and begin slapping her ass cheeks while I get my cock ready to fuck her wet cunt."

The three young men were more than happy to assist in further degrading the high school English teacher. They had wished that when they were in high school that they had been able to do the same things to their English teachers. Todd was a very lucky man.

Summer's body reacted equally to the mauling of her breasts as well as to the rapid fire spanking that Will was administering to her ass cheeks. Bill continued to fuck her cunt with the Corona bottle and watched as Summer wagged her ass each time he thrust the bottle in or Will's hand came in contact with her ass flesh.

Bill pushed hard on the base of the bottle and crammed almost all of the bottle past the black portion of the label into Summer's cunt. The boys continued to pull on the nipple piercings of the English teacher and Will was relentless in his assault on her ass cheeks.

Bill turned and said to Todd, "Tell her to cum."

Summer heard those words and her body began moving towards her fourth orgasm while strapped to the sex contraption, which would make her six since her night of torment started.

Instead Todd said, "Nick, take the plug out of her mouth."

Nick was happy to comply with Todd's direction and reached down to grab the base of the plug as it was slammed flush against the poor English teacher's lips. He had to pull fairly hard to remove it as the teacher was biting down on the tapered base while having her ass cheeks set on fire by Will's constant slapping.

Once the plug was out, Nick indicated that it had been completely cleaned by the slut teacher and he held it up so everyone could see.

"Slut, do you want to cum again," Todd asked the restrained and tormented teacher.

Summer had to summon all of her strength and attempt to get some moisture in her mouth to reply, "Yes Master T, PLEASE."

Picking up digital recording device that had been running since the group got into the basement, Todd said, "Tell me your name and what you do."

Still gasping for air and in a whisper Summer replied, "My name is Summer Wayne and I am a high school English teacher."

Todd then asked, "What are you Ms. Wayne?"

"Master T I am your slut," Summer replied.

"Turn your head towards my voice and tell me what you will do for me slut," came Todd's next command.

As she turned her head, as instructed, Adam unlatched the Velcro fastening strap on the back of the blindfold and Summer's eyes were quickly slammed shut because of the bright lights illuminating her on the stage platform.

"Open your eyes, look at me and tell me what you will do for me slut," Todd asked again.

Turning towards his voice, Summer opened her eyes to see her young master holding his damn digital recording device. She drew upon all of her strength to say, "I will do anything and everything you tell me to do Master T."

"Then you may cum now slut," Todd said.

Bill pushed the bottle hard against the inside wall of Summer's cunt. Adam and Nick pulled her nipples with renewed vigor and Will began slapping Summer's right ass cheek working his hands down the back of her legs to the back of her knee. This harsh stimulation pushed Summer over the brink and her body erupted in her fifth orgasm in the basement after she had been forced to cumin the boy's locker room.

As her body shuddered in orgasm, Bill removed the bottle, handed it to Will so he would stop slapping the English teacher's ass and he slammed his monster cock all the way to his black hairy pubic area. Bill was a professional in achieving orgasms for himself as well as those unlucky women he had had the opportunity to take advantage of on his late night patrols. He had never had any complaints from the women as they were more than happy to do anything to avoid DUI ramifications. A simple fuck by his monster cock was more than satisfactory to the women.

Summer's body immediately reacted to the invading cock. Her pussy was still erupting in orgasm as her juices flooded around the cock and out of her pussy. Bill did not take his time, but began a rapid fire assault on the depths of the teacher's cunt. He believed that he was a good lover, but tonight he was getting his rocks off whether the receiver of his cum came or not. But, as he had just seen the teacher cum, this slut loved being used.

Summer could not move as Bill's body pinned her more tightly down onto the leather surface. She wanted to move to meet the monster cock that was now sliding up and down her pussy wall. But, with her hands and feet still restrained, all the teacher could do was to grunt out loud as Bill's cock hit all of the right places in her pussy. 

Bill began to quicken his pace because he wanted to cum quickly like his young partners did, but he had to get the initial enjoyment out of degrading another high society slut with his cock. "You are such a slut teacher. I bet you fuck some of your students all the time don't you slut," Bill asked in a tormenting way.

"No officer I do not. I am Master T's slut and only do as he tells me to do," came Summer's almost breathless reply.

"Bullshit slut. With a body like yours, pierced the way it is, I bet you fantasize and rub your big clit all the time," Bill said with a grunt.

Summer just remained quiet as the cock inside her pussy was hitting the exact spots she needed it to hit for her to achieve the orgasm that her body now craved. The more that Bill verbally degraded her, the more her body needed to cum.

Bill picked up the pace and deepened his thrusts. His cock head slid into that neat little area of a woman's body when you are at just the right angle and he could feel the teacher's pussy muscles grasp his cock. Bill stuck his cock in as deep as he could into the English teacher's pussy and held it there. He motioned to Will to give him the Corona bottle that he had lubricated with the three younger men's cum while cleaning out the teacher's freshly fucked cunt.

As Bill drew his cock back out of the depths of Summer's cunt, he slowly inserted the bottle top into the puckered, but relaxed anal opening of the English teacher. As he drew his cock almost all the way out of the pussy cavity, Bill had inserted the neck of the bottle completely into the teacher's ass. Bill began to work the two in tandem with the other. Bill could feel the bottle rubbing against the thin membrane that separated the anal passageway from the slut's pussy cavity. This was a good stimulation for the policeman and he rapidly drew closer to his first orgasm.

Bill forced his cock deeply into Summer's pussy and pulled the bottle neck to where the top of the bottle almost exited the teacher's ass hole. Then he swapped positions with his cock and bottle in rapid succession as this was the final stimulation that he needed to blow his backed up cum deposit into the waiting deep cavity of the teacher.

Summer felt Bill's cock explode. She felt the bottle neck slide first up and then sharply back deep into her anal passageway. That was all she needed and her body once again erupted in orgasm. She was so tired from the first six orgasm that her body did not jerk or convulse as before, but the orgasm was just as intense. Summer's pussy muscles and anal passageway muscles grasped at the cocks that were shoved deeply inside each hole.

Bill let his cock linger in the depths of the teacher's cunt. He wanted to make sure that every drop of his cum was expelled into her warm cunt. As he drew his cock out, Bill pushed down on the bottom of the corona bottle making sure that Summer's anal opening remained stretched. Summer was about to experience how a ballerina got high on alcohol without drinking all of the liquids. The boys had lined up the four shots of tequila and the funnel. They had also opened three beers and a second funnel.

The idea was to place the flexible hose of the funnel in Summer's mouth, have one of the men squeeze her nose and the other to dump the shots down the funnel. Next, a second funnel would be inserted in her ass and the three beers would be poured down the funnel and deposited in her anal passageway. Todd's plan was to intoxicate Summer so that the anal fuck session she was about to experience would be done without too much screaming from the restrained teacher.

As Summer became aware that she had passed out for a brief period she heard Todd's instructions, "Slut, open your mouth and take this tube. When I tell you, suck on the tube like your life depended on it and as if you were sucking cum out of my cock."

"Yes Master T," Summer replied.

"Ready, set now suck it slut," Todd commanded.

This was Nick's cue to pour the shots into the funnel and it was Adam's cue to hold Summer's nose as the liquid accelerated down the funnel's tube.

At the moment that the liquid hit her mouth, Summer tried to spit the tube out of her mouth, but Adam's strong hand on her nose and on the tube prevented her from doing that. Summer held the liquid in her mouth for as long as she could, but eventually she had to draw a breath and she was forced to swallow the four shots of tequila. When they were sure that she had swallowed, Adam released her nose, but not the tube.

As Bill withdrew the deeply inserted Corona bottle from Summer's ass hole, Will just as quickly inserted the second funnel tube into the teacher's stretched ass hole. Bill and Will then poured the cold contents of the bottles into the funnel top and watched as the liquid slid down the tube. Not all of the beer could be forced into Summer's anal passageway, but there was a significant amount that had been poured directly into her because of the insertion of the butt plug earlier and the way Bill had fucked most of the long neck bottle into her ass as he fucked her cunt.

Summer tried to thrash about as the cold liquid entered her, but the wrist and ankle restraints kept her bent over the leather cushion. Her throat burned from the tequila that she had been forced to suck up her throat in order to get gasps of air through her nose. The funnel tube was still forcibly being held in her mouth by Adam's strong hand as Bill and Will continued to try to work the remaining cold beer in the funnel into the teacher's ass. They were amazed by the amount of liquids that had found its way into the restrained teacher's ass.

The men pulled the tube out of Summer's ass and watched liquid boil out. But, they knew a significant amount remained in her ass and they waited until her body absorbed a portion of the beer. The men did not know how long it would take for the beer to be absorbed, but they knew that their window of opportunity with the slut was closing. They each were due to get their cocks back into the slut one more time. The next round of action would be a cock in her mouth as well as her ass. Will and Bill were given the opportunity to fuck her ass while Nick and Adam would be serviced by the slut teacher's mouth.

"Ok, it is time for you guys to take advantage of my slut. You are not allowed to damage her in anyway. Your job is to teach her about pleasing a man and his cock. She is starting to understand that her role in life is to serve and please me. But, your efforts are to re-enforce her submissive needs and desires," Todd said to his group of teacher tormentors.






















Summer heard the muffled conversation, but the effects of the tequila, the multiple orgasms, the bent over position which caused blood to spill down into her head, the beer poured down her anal passageway and the overall physical exhaustion she was experiencing made her feel like she was in a fog.

Her fog disappeared when her mouth was pulled open and Nick's cock was being forced down her throat. In this position, Summer's head and mouth were at Nick's cock level and he easily slid his cock into her warm mouth. He helped by pulling her upwards by her hair forcing her mouth open and giving him a terrific angle. He used both hands placed on either side of her head to fuck her mouth up and down his shaft. Summer's lips were numb from all of the earlier face fucks but also because of the residual effects of the tequila she had been forced to suck down the tube.

As Nick lowered the teacher's mouth down his cock, he buried it deep in her mouth all the way up to his neatly trimmed blonde bush. When his cock was fully imbedded, Will's long, but thin cock with the mushroom head was inserted in Summer's ass. Then like they had practiced many times before, they rhythmically began to fuck both of the teacher's open orifices. Summer could not repel or enjoy the thrusts of the two cocks. Her bound hands and ankles kept her from pushing or kicking and the hands on her body gave each cock leverage as it was fucked into her.

Will's cock head slipped past the stretched ass hole and easily slid down the length of the slut teacher's anal passageway. When his shaved pubic area met the teacher's ass cheeks, Will began to fuck his cock deeper into the ass with each stroke. He did not or could not know, but his strokes into the English teacher's ass were met with upward thrusts with downward head action by Nick who was kneeling at the bottom of Todd's sex contraption.

Summer's body was not limp, but she was unable to react to the sexual and physical assault now. All she could do was lay there and take whatever the men gave her. Summer's body could no longer experience an orgasm as she was just spent, or at least she thought that was the case. She concentrated on keeping her mouth open properly and to keep her sphincter muscles as relaxed as possible. That way, she would be offering her body to the men to welcome their cocks to explore more of her as well as to give her their cum.

Both men's cocks began to harden at the same time. Will was the first to shoot his cum into the teacher's body when his cock fully buried in her anal passageway. Summer's body reacted to the sudden feeling of a man shooting his cum inside her body and it stirred to life a need to match the intensity of the man's cock exploding in her ass. About that same time, Nick's cock exploded deep in Summer's throat and she received his full load as it sprayed up her throat as some of his cum came out of her nose. There were amounts running down the length of his cock that the teacher could not swallow. But, as Nick's cock convulsed one last time, Summer's body erupted in another orgasm as it reacted to men cumming in her slut body.

Both men pulled their cocks out of their respective holes and each hole was immediately filled with Adam's thick cock in Summer's mouth and Bill's monster cock began sliding past the stretched sphincter muscles of the English teacher's ass. Bill was the first to bury his cock to the hilt in the teacher. It took some doing, but Adam was able to push his fat cock all the way into the teacher's stretched mouth as she tried to both breathe and swallow the cock being force fed to her.

Bill wasted no time in beginning to fuck her ass wantonly. He had a shift to make to direct traffic out of the school grounds and he had to dump his load in the teacher quickly. Adam was less inclined to hurry up as his second orgasm usually took a significant amount of time. But, he usually was cumming in a woman's cunt the second time and not her mouth. Summer's mouth had engulfed his cock and was touching it in all the right places. Adam was amazed at the sucking ability of the teacher and was thankful that Todd was sharing her with him.

Summer needed the cock in her mouth to cum so she could breathe again. Her body's needs took over and with renewed effort; Summer bobbed her head up and down the six in shaft making the largest "O" with her lips as she could.

Adam and Bill worked into a good rhythm that did not forcibly hurt the teacher, but it got them closer to orgasm without regard for her situation. But, they had seen her react to the constant fucking and sucking as she experienced seven orgasms already and she was sure to have her eighth at any moment.

Bill drove his cock all the way up to his pelvic bone with his black pubic hair smashed against the ass of the slut teacher. This forced Summer's head down onto the large cock in her mouth hitting it just right forcing Adam to explode into the mouth and throat of the English teacher. Summer could not capture all of Adam's cum and it oozed out of her mouth onto the floor. 

Bill saw Adam's face contort to reflect that he was cumming and that was all he needed to explode for the second time into the slut teacher, only this time his cock was buried deep inside her anal passageway. He looked down and saw how her ass hole was swollen and protruding from his assault. His cock was large and he knew that he was stretching her even more than the Corona bottle.

The two explosions had the dramatic effect of putting Summer over the top again and her body erupted in her final orgasm for the evening. Even though her young master had not had sex with her, Summer felt content in that she had pleased the men at his direction. Her body was completely relaxed and she dozed off to sleep.

The men all took pictures of the woman strapped to the sex contraption. After several shots were taken at various angles, Summer was released from her bindings. She was then placed on top of the pools of cum that were on the floor of the stage platform. She was rolled over in it several times all the while the digital recording device captured her being used and degraded by the men.

Satisfied that they had adequately cleaned up the mess by using the slut teacher's body, the men went about getting dressed. Sgt. Owens was the first dressed as he had to bolt to get to his station for the after the game traffic patrol. Adam, Will and Nick went about the business of putting Summer's denim dress back on her limp body as Todd straightened up the room. He rolled the contraption off to the storage area and locked the door. He had replaced the door locks and he was the only one that had the key.

Once he returned, he saw that Summer was dressed only in the denim dress, white slut heels, garter belt and hose. The men had placed all of her other items in her school bag. The slut collar and leash were still attached to her neck.

With some effort, the three men carried Summer up the stairs and to the back door of the gym. This door exited the building between trash dumpsters as well as the school's maintenance van. Todd ran off to get Summer's car. While he was away, Nick, Will and Adam decided that they wanted one more orgasm. They unzipped Summer's dress, laid her flat down onto the floor and they stood over her stroking their ever hardening cocks. They were sore and they could not ever remembering having so much fun. It was good to have Todd as a friend and they wanted to keep it that way. But, the woman was such a slut that they had to mark her with their cum.

Nick was the first to cum and he got down on his knees to sprayed his cum all over Summer's face, eyes and into her hair. Adam straddled the unconscious teacher and rubbed his exploding cock on Summer's lips as he blasted his cum up her nose, on her eyes and down her neck. Will took a different path for releasing his cum. He spread the English teacher's legs, slipped his hands under her ass and easily slipped his cock into her stretched ass hole. Will deposited his cum deep inside the teacher again as he loved to fuck an ass. As he pulled his cock from her ass, he noticed secretions following his cock out of the slut's ass hole. He stood up and then kneeled down to rub his cock on the slut teacher's hair trying to get her ass juices off of his cock. He would be going to Bill Fraser's theater later tonight looking for a couple or a bi-man to fuck and he wanted his cock semi-clean.

The men re-zipped the dress, stood Summer up and held on to her waiting for Todd to arrive with the car. Todd pulled up to the door, flashed the lights and the three young men lifted the unconscious woman into the front seat of the convertible. Todd had lowered the clothe top to make Summer's insertion easier. Each of the young men exchanged pleasantries and committed to doing it again real soon. Todd had no intention of including them any more in his development of his high school English teacher into a better submissive slut. He knew his plans for the weekend would cement her complete submission to him. The tattoos and piercings would be his mark of ownership and her understanding of being marked as a slave to her young master.

Todd reached Summer's home in fifteen minutes. He helped her struggle out of the car as she was still semi-unconscious. The idea of forcing tequila and beer into her had been Bill Fraser's idea and it worked very well. But, now Summer smelled like a two bit whore who had taken care of a whole group of saddle hands just in from a long trail ride.

Todd eased Summer out onto the patio. He laid her down on one of the cushioned lounge chairs. He unzipped her dress and slipped it off of each arm. He then unhooked the garter belt and rolled it down along with her hose to her shoes. Todd removed the shoes and then slipped the hose, still attached to the garter belt off of her feet. Todd then turned on the water hose and sprayed his teacher washing the cum from her face, hair, chest, abdomen and legs. He put the water hose inside her pussy and let the water run for a couple of minutes in his attempt to flush the cum from his slut's cunt. Next, he rolled Summer over onto her stomach where he first sprayed her back, ass and legs. Todd saw her ass still tinted red from the slapping administered by Will.

Summer was slowly coming around, but Todd was not through washing her. He slipped the hose nozzle down the crack of his teacher's ass and concentrated the water flow against her puckered ass hole. He pushed ever so slowly and was able to easily insert the hose two inches inside the teacher's ass. Todd left the hose there for several minutes trying his best to flush all of the cum from his slut's ass.

After several minutes, he felt pretty confident that she would not wreak of cum in the morning. Summer was still mostly unconscious with only brief, unrecognizable words coming out of her mouth. Todd stood Summer up as best he could and let her fall over his shoulder. Todd walked carefully to the patio door and let himself in with Summer's key from the car keychain.

Todd kept walking through the house until he came to the stairwell leading to the master bedroom. Todd stood for a couple of minutes and then carried his slut up the stairs to her bedroom. He was thankful that she had been losing weight. She just did not know that she had lost seven pounds not three like she thought. Todd was going to have fun with her in the morning as she walked the treadmill in her slut heels a mile for each pound she had not lost.

Todd carefully laid Summer down on the carpet at the side of the king sized four poster bed. Todd reached onto the bed and picked up the three foot long spreader bar. He attached each of Summer's ankles to the bar with the fur lined cuffs he had attached. Next, Todd cuffed his teacher's hands behind her back. Now Summer, though passed out, would be unable to move and would be in her submissive position when he woke in the morning. To finish off her bindings, Todd slipped a ball gag into Summer's mouth and fastened the gag behind her head. Summer could breathe, but she would not be able to make much of a sound. Summer lay on the floor in her own bedroom bound, gagged and with her slut collar as well as her leash still attached.

Todd went into the master bath and took a long hot shower. He thought back on the events of the evening and how submissive Summer had been. Yes, she was making great progress, but tomorrow would bring her a new hairstyle and her manicure would be perfect for the slut she was becoming............................

Saturday and Sunday Summer will be subjected to visits to a hair and nail salon. Then she will be taken to Bill Fraser's adult theater where she will provide entertainment for her young master as well as the many patrons that visited the theater on the weekends. Sunday, Summer will re-visit Marcos for her new tattoos and piercings...................I will try to write faster, but thanks for continuing to read about Summer and her submission.

























