Summer's Blackmail Ch. 19
bywilcox010©
Summer Wayne is a 40 year old married high school Senior English teacher that is being blackmailed by one of her students. She is required to call him Master T and she is completely under his control. In just a little over one week, Master T has had each of Summer's nipples pierced, each of her pussy lips is adorned with ring piercings and her left ear has been pierced with a large loop earring that includes three red beads that signifies to Master T that she is his. Summer is home, handcuffed, her legs attached to a spreader bar, a ball gag inserted into her mouth, her slut collar and leash are attached as she lays on the floor in her own bedroom. She has no way to know, but Summer's weekend will be filled with additional piercings, tattoos, hair style change as well as new nails and paint for her toes...thanks to my friends for recommendations/suggestions for story lines especially Mike, Jack, John, Rebecca, Slut jenni and Elly.

Last night, Todd had carefully laid Summer down on the carpet at the side of the king sized four poster bed that she shared with her husband James Todd had attached Summer's ankles to a three food long spreader bar with the fur lined cuffs. Todd cuffed his teacher's hands behind her back, inserted a ball gag into her mouth and strapped it around her head. Summer also still had on her slut collar and leash. Todd had taken a long hot shower on Friday evening after he had taken his slut teacher back to her home. He made himself right at home after the shower, making himself a quick sandwich and availed himself to two of the ice cold Corona beers from the downstairs refrigerator. Both empty bottles lay on the floor next to the restrained teacher.

Summer slowly awakened to the pain in her back that was created by laying on her cuffed hands. She tried to sit up, but found the spreader bar attached to each of her ankles prevented any quick action. She heard the shower water and tried to scream only to realize that her lips were wrapped around a rubber ball that had been jammed into her mouth. Summer felt the rhinestone collar around her neck and the accompanying leash lay across her body. She suddenly realized that she was in her own bedroom and restrained while someone was making use of her bathroom.

Summer slowly was able to raise herself up onto her ass, which was quite painful. Then the events of last night's gang bang came rushing back to her. She remembered the four men who had taken her in each of her orifices. She remembered the contraption that she had been strapped too, but she also remembered that she had on the large blindfold so she was sure that no one had recognized her. But, wait a minute, that police officer, Sargent Owens had been there too. So, someone besides her young master knew who she was and that she had submitted to the degradation and humiliation they forced upon her.

Summer remembered the many orgasms that she had had as her body had reacted involuntarily to all of the sexual and verbal stimulations that the men forced upon her. She remembered how the large cock in her mouth had almost suffocated her as the large cock of the policeman erupted in her ass. She shivered at the memory, but felt her pierced nipples begin to harden even more than normal.

Summer listened as the water in the shower stopped. She heard the glass door of the shower open and then close. Summer could hear the rustle of her Egyptian cotton towels as whoever it was dried themselves off. Summer listened to get some idea as to who was in her shower. Summer hoped that it was her young master and not one of her sons having come home during the night to discover her bound, gagged and collared at the foot of her own bed.

Though surprised, Summer was relieved to see that it was indeed her young master as he walked through the doorway from the bathroom into hers and James' master bedroom. Summer noted that her young master's cock was standing almost at full erection as he padded across the Berber carpet. He stopped right in front of her looking down at her with his piercing eyes. He did not say anything as he reached behind Summer's head, unfastened the catch on the ball gag harness and as he pulled the gag out of her mouth he said, "Keep your mouth open slut you have work to do."

As the ball gag was pulled out of her mouth, it was immediately replaced by the head of her young master's cock. He had squatted down just a little to align his shaft with his teacher's mouth. Summer kept her mouth open and felt Todd's cock begin to slip deeper into her mouth.

When he was satisfied with Summer's acceptance of his cock, Todd began to slowly pump his cock in and out of her mouth. He was careful not to pull his cock all the way out as he wanted her lips to grasp the head of his cock before he pushed it back into her mouth hitting the back of her throat.

Summer worried that Todd's next thrust might force his cock too deep into her throat and she might gag on it as her mouth and throat had not quite adjusted to the girth of the young man's cock. Summer's saliva was coating her young master's cock making it easier for him to slide in and out of her mouth. Summer noticed that he did not pull his cock all the way out, but pulled it to her lips, which allowed her to suck hard against the cock hoping to make him come sooner.

Being on her knees, bobbing her head back and forth with her hands behind her back, placed Summer in a precarious position. She did her best to create the sufficient friction against her young master's cock to get him to cum. Summer was battling an overflowing bladder now and she had to find a way to make him cum without relieving herself on the

Berber carpet of her bedroom.

Todd looked down as his high school teacher slut worked her mouth back and forth on his cock. He was trying to prolong his orgasm because he wanted to make sure that he gave his slut a large load to swallow. He watched as Summer's lips puckered to hold his cock in her mouth. He placed his hands on either side of her head and began to fuck her mouth onto his cock.

"That is right slut, suck your master's cock. Show me how much you want to please me slut," the young master said to his kneeling and bound teacher.

"Tell me slut, do you want my cum," Todd asked.

He pulled his cock almost out of her mouth and he heard her gurgle, "Yes Master T, please give me your cum."

"Not good enough slut. Tell me what you want slut," Todd said loudly.

Summer pulled her mouth off of her young master's cock, looked straight up at her young master and said, "Master T please give me your cum. I need it so badly."

"That is better slut," Todd replied.

Summer got into a rhythm with her young master and his ever hardening cock. She slurped on his cock as he pushed into her mouth and sucked on it as he pulled it back out of her throat. Each of Todd's thrusts into his teacher's mouth forced his cock deeper into her mouth and his cock head was hitting the back of her throat each time he pushed into her mouth.

Summer's throat relaxed and accepted the hard cock as it was pushed more rapidly into her mouth. Her young master's hands began to pull her head towards his pubic area and she could feel the hairs above his cock with her nose each time his cock head hit the back of her throat. Summer lowered herself slightly which created a more downward angle for her young master's cock. This angle allowed her to accept more of his cock and it was more comfortable for her.

Summer noted that her legs and ankles were beginning to ache even more. The pressure of the face fucking she was receiving was beginning to take its toll not only on her mouth, but the rocking action was grinding her knees into the Berber carpet. She could feel a burning sensation in her knees and just knew that she would have scabs on her knees. The burning in her knees was matched with an ever increasing itch between her legs. Summer could feel her pussy moistening as the cock sawed in and out of her mouth. The more she sucked the more turned on she was becoming. Summer realized that her body and mind needed the demands of this young man and the more he demanded, the more she needed to cum.

Summer continued to look up into the eyes of her young master. She was trying her best to satisfy him and she felt proud as his cock began to harden more in her mouth. She knew that he was now close to orgasm and Summer could see it in his eyes as he looked down on her.

Todd increased that pace of his assault on his slut's mouth. His hands went to the back of Summer's head and he forced the entire length of his cock into Summer's mouth and then he felt it slip deep down her throat with a pop. The sheer force of the assault was beginning to have an effect on Summer too. Her pussy began to betray her as the more humiliating the face fuck became, the more she tried to please her young master.

Todd could see in Summer's eyes a growing passion. He pulled his cock from her mouth and he heard it escape through her puckered lips with another slurp. He walked away leaving Summer erect as she could on her knees with her hands bound behind her and her ankles attached to the three foot spreader bar.

Todd quickly returned with Summer's black dildo. The very one that got her into this mess in the first place. It was the one from the picture that she had sent inadvertently to Todd when answering his request from the site only 10 days ago. Summer had tried to send the one without her face, but through her own inability to adequately control her computer actions, she had instead sent a picture with a full facial expression of her in the midst of an orgasm while her husband took the incriminating picture.

Todd bent down and positioned the dildo on its base between Summer's stretched legs. Summer watched as he kneeled in front of her and she felt the tip of the dildo brush her pussy lips as Todd set it between her legs. In her current position, the dildo was situated directly below her pussy. All she had to do was lower herself down onto the black rubber cock. But, she waited.

Todd looked down at Summer and could see that she was perplexed. He knew that the more he forced her to perform oral sex on him, the more turned on she became. He had had a conversation with Bill Fraser after her visit to his adult bookstore. Todd remembered Bill relaying how intense Summer's orgasms had been when she had a cock in her mouth while being fucked in her ass and pussy.

"Lower yourself down onto you black dildo slut," Todd commanded.

He stood back and watched as Summer slowly and carefully lowered herself onto the eight inch tall dildo. The cock was almost two inches in diameter at the widest point. Summer moved up and down slightly to coat the black dildo with her pussy juices. Once she was satisfied that it was sufficiently lubricated, Summer forced her body downwards onto the black cock. She could not force the entire length of the cock into her hot pussy because of the spreader bar restraining her movement. However, she could get the first four inches of the thick cock into her waiting pussy.

Todd then restarted his assault on the teacher's mouth. Grabbing her head, he began to pump his cock faster and deeper in to the teacher's welcoming mouth. Looking down Todd said, "Don't you dare cum slut until I tell you too."

He did not wait to get a response from the fully engorged mouth of his teacher slut. Todd fucked her mouth in earnest as he was ready to cum and he planned to coat his slut's face, hair, neck and tits with the load he had saved for this special occasion. 

Summer continued to fuck the dildo trying her best to get more of the cock inside of her. But, it was not sue as the restraints of the leg spreader prevented full penetration. Todd's fucking her mouth and the four or so inches of the black dildo was beginning to have the desired effect that Summer so craved now. Every time she had a cock in her mouth she found it only heightened her desire to have an orgasm. She was beginning to link the need to serve and please a hard cock with her mouth to her intense need to have an orgasm.

Summer's body began to tremble with the initial stages of the oncoming orgasm. Sensing her predicament, Todd fucked her face quickly a couple more times and then pulled his cock from her mouth as he erupted first onto her lips, nose, eyes, in her hair and then down her chest. As he was exploding onto her face he had yelled, "Cum now slut."

Summer was so relieved to be told to cum. Her body erupted in orgasm as her young master sprayed his cum on her face, in her hair and on her chest. Her body continued to be rocked by her first orgasm of the day. Her orgasm was so strong that she almost lost control of her bladder, which would have meant peeing on the Berber carpet of her bedroom.

Todd wiped the end of his cock head down the cheek of his slut teacher's face. He saw the trail of his cum on her cheek as well as the globs of cum sprayed around her face, hair and chest. He saw Summer in the final throes of orgasm as she was planted as far down onto the black dildo as the spreader bar would allow.

Todd continued to look down at the teacher until she opened her eyes and looked up at him. "Clean my cock slut," was all Todd said.

Summer stuck her tongue out and began to lick the entire shaft of her young master's cock. She could taste his cum mixed with her saliva. She sucked every drop of his cum that her tongue came in contact with and savored it like a prize. Summer kept looking up at her young master and she was rewarded with a smile that indicated that he was pleased.

Todd quickly pulled his cock away from his slut as he was certain that it was now clean. He walked back into the bathroom leaving Summer kneeling on the Berber carpet of her own bedroom. Summer of course could not move with the restraints on her ankles as well as her hands being cuffed behind her. Summer could feel the white rhinestone slut collar around her neck and the accompanying leash lay down her back.

After a couple of minutes, Todd walked back out of the bathroom with James' terrycloth robe wrapped and tied around his body. He had his feet in James' bedroom slippers and walked out into the bedroom like it was his own. Todd knew that Summer's husband was out of the country until early November. Todd planned on making himself right at home in the house his slut teacher shared with her husband further strengthening his hold over Summer

"Well slut, I believe it is time for you to fix your master some breakfast," Todd said to his kneeling English teacher.

"Master T, please untie me so that I can go to the bathroom," Summer replied.

"Well first my slut, you will prepare breakfast for your master," Todd countered.

With that, Todd walked over to the dresser, picked up his wallet and pulled out the key to the cuffs that bound his teacher's ankles to the three foot spreader bar. Todd released both ankles and helped his unsteady teacher to her feet with the black dildo remaining upright on the bedroom carpet. Using the same key, Todd released the handcuffs that had restrained his slut's arms behind her back and under her body all night. Todd tugged on Summer's slut leash and pulled her to her dresser.

"Put your slut thong and heels on now," Todd commanded.

The pressure of her bladder was making Summer squirm and twist as she tried to keep from peeing on herself there in her own bedroom. She could not remember when she went to the bathroom last exactly, but it was sometime before she was strapped to her young master's sex contraption as well as prior to her gang bang.

Summer opened the top left hand drawer of her dresser, pulled out one her white lace string thongs, slipped it over first one foot, then the other and pulled it up to her hips. She then slipped her tired feet into her white slut heels that were on the floor next to the dresser.

"Get downstairs and fix me breakfast slut," Todd demanded.

With the realization that she was being ordered around in her own home reinforcing her servitude to her high school student master, Summer walked across the bedroom floor, headed into the hallway and then down the wooden stairs. With each step, Summer was reminded of the sex she had last night at the hands of the four men along with her young master. Her pussy, ass and jaws all ached from being used as the cum depository for the men. Her body shivered when she thought about the embarrassing display she had been forced to put on right there in the ticket booth as each man purchased their ticket to the night with the high school teacher. Then she remembered that each of the men had seen her face, so why did her young master cover her face last night. She felt the sticky cum all over her face, breasts, abdomen and legs from last night as well just before when her young master gave her his cum.

As Summer reached the bottom step she became acutely aware of sounds coming from the kitchen. It sounded like a movie, but she was not sure. As Summer entered the kitchen, she stopped suddenly in her tracks as she saw the image of a woman draped and tied over a wooden contraption as a man pounded the woman's ass and her face was being fucked by a large cock. Summer suddenly realized that the woman was her and that her young master had recorded her event from last night. "Is there no end to my humiliation," Summer said to herself. But, she could not move her eyes away from the two cocks entering her body there on the screen. She remembered the officer's cock and how it slid deep inside her ass while the cock in her mouth filled her with its hot jism as the officer's cock exploded inside her. Her nipples again hardened and she reached for her clit.

But, Summer's bladder was beginning to cause her pain. She had to go in the worst way and did not know if she could hold on much longer. Summer hurried about making coffee, eggs, bacon and toast for her young master. She was startled as he came into the kitchen.

"Why isn't my breakfast on the table slut," Todd asked.

"Master T, it is ready, I was just waiting for you to come downstairs," Summer replied.

Todd looked at his slut teacher and saw his recent cum stains on her face, hair and neck. He liked how that appeared to be the marking of his property so to speak and it was combined with all of the cum from last night's fun. "Well, don't just stand there slut, put my breakfast on a plate, poor me a cup of coffee and put it on the table," Todd said.

Once she had placed the plate and cup of steaming coffee on the table, Summer went about cleaning up the frying pan, mixing bowl and wiping down the kitchen counter. She stood and watched as her young master, sitting in the chair usually occupied by her husband, eat the meal she had prepared for him. Summer stood there with her legs pressed together trying to stem any possible leakage of pee caused by her full bladder.

"Slut, where is my newspaper," Todd asked.

"Master T, I guess it is on the front porch," Summer replied.

"Don't guess slut, go and fetch my paper," Todd ordered.

"Master T, please may I go to the bathroom. I have to go so badly," Summer begged.

"Go and get my paper. I will think about allowing you relieve yourself once you fetch it for me like the slut dog you are," Todd replied.

Not wanting to raise the ire of her young master, Summer headed for the front door dressed only in her white thong, white heels and collar with her leash attached. As she looked through the front door she saw that the morning paper had been delivered, but it was not on the porch. The paper boy had been really lazy on this day of all days as he had left the paper on the sidewalk about ten feet from the front steps. Summer unlocked the door, stepped out onto the front stoop and then looked around hoping to not see any prying eyes from Mr. Johnson next door or a neighbor walking the sidewalk, though her front door was semi-hidden from the street.



Steeling herself, Summer went quickly down the steps and covered the short distance to the paper. She bent over to pick up the paper, which is when she heard the front door slam shut. Summer stood straight up without grabbing the paper and walked back up the steps. When she got to the door, Summer's eyes met those of her young master. He just stood on the other side of the door with an almost evil look on his face. Summer realized her mistake, quickly walked back down the steps and picked up the paper. Each movement made her bladder even more uncomfortable. Summer was straining to keep from peeing on herself in her own front yard now.

Summer climbed back up the stairs of her front porch and stood in front of her own door and asked, "Master T can I please come in."

Todd only said, "Sluts use the back door."

With that, Summer watched as her young master turned away and walked back towards the back of the house. Summer could see him in her husband's white terry cloth robe and slippers that had been her gift to her husband James at Christmas last year. What to do next was an interesting question for Summer. On the one hand, she was not going to be allowed to enter her own house through her own front door. On the other hand, if she did not get back inside, she knew she would not hold her bladder much longer.

But, going around to the back door meant that she would be exposed to the street as she walked down her walkway to the driveway and then in front of the garage door to be able to enter the gate leading to the back yard. She was standing on the front porch clutching the Saturday morning paper dressed only in her white slut thong, slut six inch white heels, the rhinestone white collar and matching leash. It was early enough in the morning that there should be very few people walking the sidewalks of the neighborhood. Summer thought. She knew that she had not been given permission to relieve herself and she could feel wetness against her crotch. Every minute counted now.

Steeling herself again, clutching the paper against her chest, Summer walked down her front steps, turned right and walked along the path leading to her garage. She was partially hidden by the well-manicured shrubbery along the path. But, anyone looking would be able to see her clearly once her high heels met the concrete of her driveway.

Summer looked towards the street and she did not see anyone. She paused to listen for conversation or the roar of a car, but heard nothing. Squeezing her legs together only gave her partial relief from the pressure her bladder was placing on her. She counted silently to three and then Summer made a beeline across the driveway. She did not dare look to her left as she walked, well jogged as best she could in her fucking heels. Once the heels of Summer's white high pumps hit the grass on the other side of the driveway, they immediately sunk due to the morning watering. Her right foot came completely out of her shoe and Summer was not faced with another conundrum. Did she leave the shoe and hobble to the backyard? Did she take off her other shoe and walk barefooted to the back yard? Neither of those options bode well when Summer considered the ramifications of her action in violation of her young master's requirement that she always be in those shoes.

Summer slipped first her right and then her left foot out of her white heels. She stooped over to pull them out of the wet soil and while still clutching the paper to her breasts, Summer quickly walked the remaining few feet to the gate leading into her back yard. Summer was unaware that Mark Freeman, who was the owner of the landscaping company that maintained her yard, had parked on the street and had been walking up the driveway when he saw Summer flash across the pavement. Mark stopped in his tracks as he watched his friend James' wife trot across the driveway clad only in a white thong and heels with what looked like a rhinestone collar with a coordinated leash attached.

Mark saw Summer come to a screeching halt when she reached the grass on the left side of the drive way. He watched as Summer bent down to pull her feet out of the heels that were stuck in the moist Bermuda sod. He could see that Summer was clutching her newspaper close to her chest as she stood back up to continue her track to the back yard. Mark now had a conundrum to work out. James Wayne was an old friend, but his wife was hot and he had always wanted to bang her.

As Summer turned slightly to open the gate towards her, she caught a glimpse of someone in the driveway, but she was not sure who it was. She could not concern herself with that at the moment as the pressure continued to build in her bladder to be relieved and she knew that her young master was now becoming impatient with her.

Once Summer closed the gate, she put her now mud stained heels back on her feet. She walked the thirty feet of squared landscape pebbled square tiles top the edge of her patio. She was unsteady of course as her heels did not meet flat surfaces, but she was able to step up onto the patio without much effort. She walked across the patio and under the overhang of the roof that provided shading for the back portion of the house where she had the new teak furniture arranged.

Mark Freemen, now remembering the site of the white thong that had slipped between those two lovely ass cheeks of his friend's wife decided to make his way to the front door. Today was his opportunity to see more of the high school teacher and he did not want to miss it.

Summer stood on the patio outside of the French doors that led into her kitchen. She saw her young master sitting at her breakfast area table casually sipping a freshly brewed cup of coffee. Summer reached for the door knob and found it locked. She tapped lightly on the window pane of the door and said, "Master T, may I come inside now? I have your paper."

The pressure of her bladder was now causing Summer real discomfort. She knew that the downstairs half bath was only twenty feet away just past the kitchen. She looking pleadingly at her young master, but he did not even look up at her.

Summer tapped once again on the window of the door and this time her young master looked up at her, but said nothing. Summer did not know what to do. The need to relieve herself was making it hard for her to think. She knew she was required to do something to please her young master, but she could not think of what that was.

Summer placed the newspaper on the table that was close to the door, she got down on her knees, spread her legs as wide as she could and then looked into the window to beg, "Master T, please let me come inside. I need to go to the bathroom so badly."

Summer watched as her young master rose from the breakfast table and walked the short distance to the doors. He looked through the framed windows of the doors and marveled at his luck in finding out that his English teacher was such a submissive and how he had been able to manipulate her in a little over a week. He looked at her breasts as they rose and fell with each breath she took. He saw how her piercings made her silver dollar sized nipples stand erect. He looked down between her legs and he could see the ring piercings protruding from the teacher's pussy lips.

Looking Summer directly in the eye Todd said through the door, "Slut you are too nasty to come inside to pee. Go over by the end of your patio and piss on the ground like the slut you are."

"No Master T. Please allow me to come inside. My next door neighbor may see me," Summer pleaded.

Todd turned his back on the teacher and walked back to the breakfast table. He grabbed his cup of coffee, turned back around and mouthed, "I am waiting slut."

Summer knew she did not have a choice, but the thought of being watched by Mr. Johnson as she kneeled in her own backyard to pee was too humiliating for Summer to comprehend. She looked at her young master with pleading eyes, but her gaze was met with a stern look that she had not really seen before from her young master.

She watched as Master T unlocked the bolt lock of the French door and she quickly tried to grab the door handle. But, the door handle was also locked. Looking pleadingly through the glass, Summer begged once more, "Master T, please let me come inside to use the bathroom. I do whatever you demand of me, but please don't make me humiliate myself in my own back yard."

Todd slowly opened the French door and as he stepped onto the patio he said, "Slut you will do whatever tell you to do whenever I tell you to do it."

Continuing, "Slut, if you have to pee, go over to the new sprinkler head that your lawn service installed this week and pee there."

Todd stood defiantly as he looked into Summer's eyes. He could imagine how much pain she was in as her bladder had to be full and having been forced to lay on her bound hands all night with her ankles strapped to the spreader bar probably had her body aching all over. Being able to pee would only relieve one painful part of her body.

"Now go over to the edge of the patio, pull those panties down to your ankles and piss right there slut," Todd commanded.

Resigned to her fate and motivated to the painful urge to relieve herself, Summer turned and walked across the patio in her white six inch heels, slut collar and leash fastened around her neck and her now moist white thong. She was hopeful that her nosey next door neighbor Mr. Johnson was not paying attention, but she had no choice. The spot her young master had chosen was the new sprinkler head that Mark Freeman and crew had replaced recently. She remembered how they looked at her and she shivered at that moment of exhibition, but she also remembered how it felt to show off just a little.

Once Summer had reached the edge of the patio, she lowered her thong down to her ankles and by holding onto her Teakwood lounger, she squatted so that her ass hung over the edge of the concrete patio. Summer hung there like she was in suspended animation because she could not make herself go because she was humiliated that she was being forced by one of her students to do it. Burt also, she was in her own back yard with the real chance that Mr. Johnson would be peering out of his upstairs window and he would be able to just make out her ass cheeks as she squatted there on the patio.

Finally, Summer felt the warm flow of her urine as it flooded out of her and splashed on both the edge of the patio as well as onto the manicured Bermuda grass. Summer stayed in this crouched position for what seemed like five minutes. Her whole body was feeling the effects of the release of her pent-up urine. But also, the strain of squatting was being felt on her legs and arms after being bound all night.

As she began to rise from her squatting position, she heard her young master's voice, "Slut, you are disgusting. Look at yourself. You have piss all over your shoes and feet, you have cum on your face, chest and matted in your hair. There is no way you are going back into the house smelling and looking like that. Stand up straight and spread your feet."

And with that, Summer's body reacted to the blast of cold water as it spewed from the nozzle attached to her own water hose held by her young master. Summer squealed in reaction to the blast that had been directed at her pussy, but it hit her mid-abdomen. "Stand still slut and shut the fuck up unless you want dirty Mr. Johnson to be able to see you," Master T ordered.

Summer screwed her lips and eyes tightly shut to try and combat the chill that the water was having on her body so early on this September morning. Though it was September, the mornings were beginning to have that early autumn morning chill. Summer's body was covered in goose bumps, but her nipples stood erect from her body more directly as a result of their reaction to the water and morning chill.

Todd changed the flow of water from the jet selection on the hand held nozzle attachment to a strong mist shower. Todd walked up close to his slut teacher and began to systematically spray her entire body. "Rub your tits slut to scrub off all of last night's cum," Todd ordered.

Summer with her eyes still closed began to run her hands over both breasts. As her hands ran over her hardening nipples, strange sensations shot through her body. Here she was in her own back yard, clad only in her slut six inch heels, slut collar & leash and her white lace thong stretched between her ankles while her young master forced her to endure a cold shower.

As Todd watched his slut teacher rub her breasts and abdomen, he began to concentrate the shower spray onto Summer's hair and face. "Turn around slowly slut so that I can wash your disgusting body," Todd commanded.

Summer opened her eyes as she began to turn. It was made more difficult by the cold water spraying in her face as well as her hair, but also because of her thong panties stretched between her feet. She dared not to attempt to remove the thong because she had not be instructed to do so.

Summer felt the cold blast of the shower spray of the nozzle on the back of her neck and felt the water running down her back. She continued to rub her breasts, neck and abdomen as she had not been instructed to stop by her young master. "Bend over and spread those tired ass cheeks so I can flush out your ass hole as well as your cunt," Todd ordered.

Summer stopped rubbing her abdomen and slowly bent forward until her hands were pressed into the soft cushion of her teak wood lounger. "Reach back, grab your ass cheeks slut and pull yourself wide open for your Master," Todd ordered.

Summer's hands immediately went to her ass cheeks and she pulled each one so that her ass crack as well as her pierced pussy lips were spread wide as ordered by her young high school master.

Todd then concentrated the spray from the nozzle directly at Summer's ass hole. He intensified the spray by returned the nozzle to the jet indicator. We concentrated the spray so that it hit Summer's ass hole directly. "Spread them wider slut," Todd ordered.

Summer tried to spread her feet wider to help spread her ass cheeks. She knew that the thong around her ankles had been stretched as far as it could go. So, to help further spread her ass cheeks, Summer leaned forward and placed her face into the cushion of the lounger. By doing this, Summer was able to spread her ass cheeks wider in the hope that it would please her young master.

Todd was pleased as he could clearly see his slut teacher's ass hole and he could clearly see her pierced pussy lips. He began to concentrate the spray from the nozzle on first the ass hole and then on his slut teacher's pussy.

"Stand up slut, put your arms above your head and I will rinse your body of all the cum now," Todd ordered.

Summer responded immediately, turning around and then raising both arms straight over her head. Summer looked her young master in the eyes and watched as he directed the nozzle spray starting at her neck and then as he worked it down to her nipples. Todd concentrated the spray on first the left and then the right pierced nipple of his school teacher slut. He was amazed at how hard they had become. Next Todd worked the spray down Summer's body until he had rinsed it completely.

Todd turned the spray off and then handed Summer her slut cover-up. The thin silk material stuck to her body like a glove making it quite easy to make out her silver dollar sized pierced nipples. The bottom hem of the robe barely covered Summer's ass cheeks, but the front was not closed so it was very easy to see her shaved pubic mound as well as the ring piercings in each of her pussy lips. Todd thought for a moment about how her clit was going to look after Marcos adorned it with a gold bar bell type piercing that matched the piercings in each of Summer's nipples. Todd also noticed that Summer had not attempted to remove or pull up her white lace thong that remained stretched between her ankles.

"Ok slut, go to the front door and let Mark Freeman in as he has been standing at your front door for a bit. Go and see what he wants dressed as you are," Todd ordered.

"But Master T, he is a friend of my husband and I cannot go to the door dressed as I am. He will get the wrong idea. Please Master T," Summer pleaded.

"I'll tell you what slut, I will give you three choices for you to consider. One, you can go and do what I said do. Two, you can go upstairs and begin packing as I am sure your husband will divorce you, but probably not before the school system fires you for having a relationship with a student. Or, three you can go and retrieve your leather paddle that you purchased from Bill Fraser this week and I will paddle you until your ass cheeks, thighs and back are a deep purple. Think fast slut," Todd said.

Summer knew that she had no choice. She looked pleadingly at her young master, but her gaze was met with one back from him of no emotion. Summer's ass was just now getting over the paddling she had received from Todd and Bill Frazer earlier in the week. She did not think she could endure any more pain. Being found out by her husband and the school board was obviously out of the question as a choice.

Summer steeled herself, flung back her hair that almost came down to the middle of her back which placed more moisture on her silk robe. Summer started moving awkwardly towards the French doors when she was stopped by her young master.

"Bend over slut. I want you to be fully reminded of your place as my slut," Todd ordered.

Summer froze, but she knew she had no option. She wanted to get to the front door and get Mark to leave the house as quickly as possible. So, Summer bent over at the waist and placed her hands on her knees to await whatever torment her young master had in store for her.

Summer felt a liquid running down between her ass cheeks. Next she felt her young master's finger run down her crack and stop at the entrance to her anal passage. "Oh no, he is going to put my butt plug in," Summer thought.

Sure enough, Summer felt the tip of a butt plug slip past her sphincter muscles and pause. Next she felt her young master begin to work the rubber plug slowly in and out with each push forcing the head of the plug deeper inside. Summer was pleased that her ass was more accepting of the plug after she had been made to wear it inserted on a regular basis. But this plug felt different for some reason. Summer then realized that this plug was a little sleeker than and not as thick as her pink plug.

Summer felt the base of the plug fit snuggly between her ass cheeks and then she felt her young master begin to push something hard into her pussy. "Oh my God, he is putting the vibrating egg in me too," Summer thought.

"Pull your thong up slut. We would not want your instruments of pleasure and torment falling out as you walk to the front door now would we," Todd laughed.

With the base of the plug beginning to slip ever so slightly out of her ass, Summer quickly reached down between her legs and quickly pulled her thong up over her hips. This forced the base of the plug back securely between her ass cheeks because the thin strip of material of the crotch of her thong acted as a restraint for the butt plug.

As she stepped into the house, the butt plug sprang to life in her ass. The intensity of the vibration almost made Summer double over in surprise as well as in reaction to the stimulation it had in her ass as well as it vibrating against the egg that was buried deep inside her pussy.

With her see-through silk robe sticking to her still wet body, Summer had walked through the house I her six inch white slut heels with her leash attached to her slut collar. She finally reached the reached the foyer and she then saw that Mark was indeed standing on the front porch, but thankfully with his back to the door. As Summer reached for the bolt lock, the vibration in her ass stopped. But, the vibrating egg sprang to life. Summer pulled her hand away from the lock, but pressed her palm against the door frame. The intensity of the egg, the fullness of the plug in her ass, her near nude appearance and the submissive situation she found herself made the actions of the egg that much more intense. Her body craved the results she achieved when the plug and eggs worked on her. She felt the need to cum almost all the time when she was around her young master. Her mind continued to play with her knowing that it was wrong, but telling her that the feeling in her body was so right.



For some reason, Mark felt the presence behind the door. He quickly turned and he saw Summer's outline through the etched glass. "Ms. Wayne, I am here to inspect the work done this week on your sprinkler. Can you meet me around back," Mark asked.

Summer opened the door, making sure that she did not give Mark a view of her body and she said, "Hi Mark, I was in the shower. Yes it is ok for you to go around back."

"Ok, but I will need for you to meet me out there because I want to show you the problems we incurred and why the invoice is a little higher than the original estimate," Mark said as he notice Summer's wet hair and the partially clinging robe.

"That is ok Mark I trust you," Summer replied not wanting to be seen by James' friend, especially with her young tormentor in the house.

"Ms. Wayne you know I do not operate that way. Just meet me on the patio Summer and I will show you what I have done," Mark insisted.

From behind Summer felt Todd's presence. She knew that he was not pleased that she was not doing as Mark was asking and she knew that her responsibility was to do what a man told her to do. But, this was different, this was a friend of her husband and she did not want Mark to see her dressed as she was or better yet, how she wasn't dressed.

"Summer, it will only take a couple of minutes. I will see you around back," Mark tersely said.

"Do it," her young master whispered.

"Yes Sir, Mark I will meet you on the patio," Summer replied.

Summer pushed the door closed, turned the bolt lock and then looked pleadingly into her young master's eyes. "Master T, please do not make me go out onto the patio dressed the way I am. He is a friend of my husband and I don't want him to get the wrong thoughts about me. Please Master T," Summer begged.

At that moment, Todd hit the on switch for both vibrating toys that were buried deep inside his slut. He knew that she would do as instructed, but he wanted to have some fun with her too.

"Ok slut, I will not make you wear your wet silk robe outside. Take it off and go on outside to meet Mark," Todd ordered.

Summer quickly replied, "Master T, I cannot go outside with only my thong, collar, leash and the two plugs in me. He will think that I am coming on to him and he will tell my husband."

"Tell you what slut, I will go out there with you so that he can see what a slut you and that you are entertaining a student in your house while your husband is out of the country. How do you think he will react to that," Todd smiled.

"Master T, please, please don't do that, I beg you," Summer pleaded.

"The way I see it slut, you have three choices. One go out there dressed as you are, two go out there without your robe or three I will go out there with you to let him know what a slut you are," Todd added.

"Master T, I have been faithful to you and your demands on me. But, now this is affecting my relationship with my husband directly and that will make any threat you have over me lessened if Mark finds out about you. Please, please don't make me do this," Summer once again pleaded.

"At least let me take off the collar and leash Master T," Summer begged.

Todd knew he had Summer and she would comply with his demands. He was just making her realize her predicament more fully now that he had decided to take over her home life whenever it suited him.

"Tell you what slut, I will be a kind master for you. I will give you a choice. You can either take off the leash or take out the butt plug, but not both. Be quick about your decision slut. 

"Also, while you are thinking, place your hands on the third step there and bend over. You must be spanked as punishment for questioning my directions before you go outside. Do it now," Todd commanded.

Summer was perplexed. She knew that she had no choice but to adhere to her young master's directions. But, she could not bear the thought of being spanked. Summer hesitated and looked once again pleadingly back at her young master. Her gaze was met with indifference from Todd. Summer turned and took the three steps to the stair well. She bent over at the waist and placed each of her hands palm down onto the third step. In this position, Summer's back was straight and flat, while her ass was completely exposed to her young master because her silk wee-through robe raised over her ass cheeks.

"Spread your feet slut," Todd ordered.

Summer immediately complied with the instruction and then the plug in her ass jumped to life. Now her body began to be affected by vibrations in both of her holes and it was telling her that she was about to cum. She waited for the inevitable punishment, but it did not happen, at least initially.

Todd watched as his teacher slut bent over at the waist. He was surprised at how quickly she was becoming a complete submissive adhering to his commands almost immediately. He did have to work on her immediate compliance, but he had only been her master for 10-days, so it was pretty good progress.

Todd's cock was poking through the bathrobe that he had borrowed from the closet of Summer's husband. He was excited about the possibility of burying his young, hard cock in the willing teacher's body, but right now he needed to exact some punishment for her not complying with his instructions immediately.

Summer suddenly felt a stinging blow to her left ass cheek, which was quickly matched by a stinging blow to her right ass cheek. "What did I tell you about not immediately complying with my instructions slut? Do you want me to just go ahead and send my photo folder of you to your poor husband who is working so hard to support you while he is in Asia?

"Count these strokes slut," Todd commanded.

He began again and each stroke was answered by Summer's strained, but responsive counting.

"One Master T, Two Master T, Three Master T...FOUR Master T, FIVE Master T as Summer's voice raised to almost a squeal with the last two slaps on her ever reddening ass cheeks. Just for good measure, Todd unleased a quick barrage of slaps on his slut teacher's ass, Six, Seven, Eight, Nine Ten Master T...Summer moaned.

Todd's spanking was having the dual effect on his teacher slut. First she recognized that she had not complied as quickly as was required, but also the two vibrators in her body were bringing her closer to orgasm with the humiliation of the spankings in her own home.

"Alright slut, you can get up now. Which will it be, the leash or the butt plug," Todd asked.

"Master T, I beg you, please don't make me go outside dressed like this," Summer pleaded one more time as she rose unsteadily to her feet encased in her six inch white slut heels.

Summer stood before her young master with the silk robe still clinging to her body from the water hose bath she had received only minutes before. Her hair was still quite wet and it draped over her shoulders down almost to her breasts. The moisture from her hair was making the robe even more see-through if that was possible. The back of the robe clung to her from here her long brunette hair had draped after the outdoor shower.

Todd stood looking into his slut's eyes. He allowed his eyes to roam down her body and noticed the length of her hair. In only a couple of hours, his teacher slut's hair would be shortened, lightened and styled to make her appear to younger than she was. She did not know it, but her body, hair, fingernails and toenails would be undergoing a drastic change to make her more like the slut he demanded her to be.

"Either pull the plug out of your ass or unclip the leash now slut. If you don't, then I am just going to go outside and tell Mark that I am here taking care of you while your husband is out of town. Your choice, slut," Todd said as he held out his hand.

Summer was in a no win and all lose position. She could not bear the thought of being subjected to sexual advances from a friend of her husband James. On the other hand, her young master, now taking up residence in her home, was threatening her with a conversation with Mark on the back patio.

"Master T, I would prefer to take the butt plug out if that is alright with you," Summer finally replied.

"Interesting choice slut, but that is acceptable. However, your skanky panties have to go. I am sure they still have cum stains on them. Run upstairs and put on that bright thong and matching bra for me slut. You can keep the robe on when you go out to see Mark. No hurry along," Todd ended the conversation by walking up the stairs leaving Summer to ponder her predicament.

In a couple of minutes, Todd heard Summer's heels as she climbed the steps. He had already rushed into the bedroom, taken off James' robe and stood against the door frame. As Summer approached, Todd grabbed Summer by the hair and forced her mouth down onto his fully erect cock. He needed some quick relief and his plan was to quickly fill her mouth with his cum. Todd grabbed a hand full of Summer's brunette hair and quickly began to fuck his slut's face. As he was turned on from the morning and from watching her parade around the house, Todd had reached the point where immediate relief was necessary.

Summer felt like her lips were going to be torn with the way Todd was fucking his cock into her mouth. She tried to get into a rhythm with the thrusts, but it was just no use. Summer just sucked on his cock for all she was worth and tried her best to make him cum quickly. His thrusting and her efforts succeeded in giving Todd the relief he needed as well as escaping having her mouth torn by the young man's cock.

"Strip off that robe and those panties slut. Put the red bra and thong on along with the robe. I am going to watch you from your balcony here and stroke my cock. Make sure that Mark gets a good look at your nipples. I want to see his eyes when he notices you're piercing. Pull your butt plug out and put it in your mouth while you change," Todd ordered.

Summer stripped off her robe and let it fall onto the Berber carpet of the bedroom she shared with her husband, but now with her young master. She slid the white thong down her legs and kicked it with her right foot. Summer then with her back to her young master, reached around, grabbed the base of her plug and pulled it out of her ass. She brought the new and black plug up to her mouth. She could smell the odor from her anal passageway. Any other time, it might make her gag, but at this point, Summer's nerves were on end, the vibrating egg in her pussy continued to stimulate her clit. The black plug stopped vibrating when it touched her lips. Summer pushed the plug into her mouth until she felt the tip touch the back of her throat. Where her pink butt plug was about five inches in length, but almost 2 inches in diameter, this black plug was over six inches in length, but only about the circumference of one of James' cigars that he like to smoke on the patio. She had always wondered how they would feel in her pussy, but never her ass.

She then went to her lingerie drawer and pulled out the matching bra/thong set. She could not imagine how she would be able to fully explain wearing the fire red cub bra and lace thong, but she had no choice. She looked directly at her young master as she slipped her arms into the straps of her bra. She noticed his stare as he watched her breast point directly at him when she reached behind to fasten the bra. Summer continued looking into her young master's eyes as she positioned her beasts so that the cups of the bra fully supported her breasts, but also she attempted to hide her nipples, as well as her piercings with the lace trim of the cup.

Summer stepped out of her white six inch heels and then slipped the red thong. She bent over slightly which gave her young master a view of her breasts and as she stood up, her nipples poked over the lace at the top of her cup bra. Summer knew that there would be no way to hide her piercings, but she had an idea as to how to prevent it. Summer slipped her feet back into her heels, reached up to her neck, spun around the slut collar so that the engraved plate was in the back covered by her still soaking wet hair and she pulled the leash down between her breasts. Next she stooped over and picked up her white silk robe and slipped it onto her still moist body, though most of the moisture from the water hose bath she had been given was now stuck to the robe.

Summer now stood before her young master with pleading eyes hoping that he would not send her outside. She suddenly heard banging on the back French doors and she knew that Mark was getting impatient. Summer just could not bear the thought of displaying herself to one of her husband's good friends. But, that choice was the lesser of all of the evil choices she had available to consider.

Summer turned on her heels and headed out of her bedroom. She heard the door to the private balcony that overlooked the back yard open and Summer knew that her young master would be able to see as well as hear what transpired on the patio.

Summer knew that she had to give Mark a glimpse of her nipples, but she felt like she could do it without coming off as a wanton slut looking for a cock from her husband's friend. As she reached the bottom step, she realized that the vibrator in her pussy had increased in its intensity. The setting was making it hard for her to walk, much less be able to carry on a conversation dressed as she was. She felt so humiliated, but in the same breathe her body was betraying her as she could feel the crotch of her fresh panties becoming soaked with her juices as it ran outside of the thin material of the thong crotch. She could feel moisture on the top of her thighs as she walked.

Mark was looking through the panes of the double French doors that led into the breakfast room. He could see down the hallway and he was able to watch Summer intently as she made her way into the kitchen area. Mark could see the outline of the red bra as well as the red panties Summer had on under the white silk robe. Mark also noticed that the robe was not tied at the waist so he was afforded a great view of Summer's body as she walked towards him.

As she reached the French doors, Summer felt the plug in her ass jump to life. Now her body was being stimulated by the two plugs while her mind was being manipulated by her young master. He was humiliating her in her own home, keeping her on orgasmic edge and forcing her to do as he instructed.

Summer felt Mark's eyes on her immediately. She knew she was in trouble, but she had no choice but to do as her young master had directed her. Her only hope was to avoid having sexy with one of James's best friends. She felt like she could control the situation if her body did not betray her with the constant humming of the black egg and butt plug buried deep inside her. Summer felt torn between being faithful to her husband, adhering to the directions of her young master or succumbing to the desires her body felt because of all of the physical and mental stimulations she was currently receiving. Suddenly, both plugs stopped.

None the less, Summer walked steadfastly to the French doors and greeted Mark's stare with a friend smile as she opened the doors and said, "I was just chatting with James who as you know is in Asia. He says to tell you hello and to let you know that he trusts your work and that he knows that you will be fair with the costs incurred.

So you don't have to show me the invoice Mark as James has complete trust in you," Summer said triumphantly. She had done it. She had given Mark a view of her breasts and she felt very sure that he noticed the piercings in each nipple peeking out over the top of the lace of the cup.

"I understand Summer, but I am not going to leave here until you are personally satisfied with my firm's work and you know that the sprinkler we replaced adequately covers the area of the yard that was damaged by the broken one," Mark said sternly.

"But, Mark it is ok. I am not concerned with your work either," Summer said.

"Summer, I want you to come out here and let me show you what I am talking about. I don't have all day. So, don't make me wait any longer," Mark said with much conviction.

Mark could see that Summer was torn between staying in the house and doing as he said. For some reason, she seemed to react to stronger, maybe more firm language. So he continued, "Summer, I know you don't want to displease James and I know you do not want to make me feel underappreciated for the work my crew and myself have done for you while James is out of the country. So, get out here so I can get finished with you."

There it was for Summer. Another man giving her instructions. For some reason, the firmer a man was with her, the more inclined she was to acquiesce to his demands and instructions. She felt compelled to walk away, but something inside her was coaxing her through the door. And before she even realized it, she was standing beside her husband's friend clad only in her red lingerie, her white silk see-through robe, her white slut heels and her collar as well as the matching leash.

"My don't you look downright provocative this morning Summer. Why are you dressed that way," Mark asked. "I bet you really do miss your husband right now don't you Summer?"

Summer was now perplexed. She knew what her young master's expectations were. He wanted to see her submit to a personal friend of her husband's. But, she was torn because she did not want to betray her husband with one of his friends. Submitting to her blackmailing student master was one thing, but being forced to submit to a friend of her husband was another. With Lisa and her husband Steve, it was not like a friend of James' as it was totally unscripted. But this morning, she was on her back patio with James' friend dressed like a total slut and she was moist between her pussy lips and she could feel her nipples hardening as they were supported by the shelf bra.

Mark Freeman noticed also. For the first time he got a really good look at Summer's nipples and their piercings. He had no idea that his friend's wife had pierced nipples, but the world was strange and he was glad he had such a good view of them.

Mark stepped off of the patio and kneeled down next to the sprinkler head that his team had repaired. He thought that he detected the faint aroma of urine, but he was not sure. He wondered how he was able to smell urine in the back yard when he knew that James was out of the country and he did not figure that Summer did it, but who knew.

"Come over here Summer and look at this sprinkler head," Mark directed.

Summer found herself following the instruction without hesitation. Mark watched as her breasts bounced ever so slightly as she walked towards him. He noticed that the robe was not tied and he could plainly see Summer's nipples peering over the top of the lace of the shelf bra cups.

As he kneeled down, Mark's eyes became level with Summer's thong covered pussy. He could clearly see her pussy lips wrapped around the thin material of her white lace thong. He then could see the ring piercings in each of her pussy lips and knew that he needed to see more. He also noticed the collar and leash that dangled between Summer's breasts.

"Summer look here," Todd said in a more stern voice as he pointed downward.

Todd watched as Summer bent over at the waist to look over the edge of the patio. He saw her eyes widen as he was pointing to the sprinkler head where she had only 15 minutes ago had been forced to pee on by her young master.

As she bent over, Summer's leash dangled downwards and Mark quickly grabbed the strap. He pulled downward firmly, but gently so that Summer was forced to bend over more. "Summer, there is a strong urine odor here, so I am guessing that a dog got into your back yard so you will want to make sure that you lock your gate better over beside the garage," Mark said.


"Oh God, did he see me," Summer thought to herself.

As Summer bent over, Mark was able to get a good look at her breasts and could see the barbell piercings in each nipple. He saw one half of her silver dollar sized nipples outlined against the silk robe, but her nipples were quite hard.

"You see how the grass had to be reworked around the sprinkler head don't you Summer," Mark said to her as he kept his grasp tight on the leash.

"Yes Mark, I do see it. Can I go back inside now," Summer replied.

"Well, I think you should get down on your knees to get a better look Summer. And, you should call me Mr. Freeman from now on," Mark said.

He then pulled harder on the leash forcing Summer to struggle to balance on her six inch heels. She relented and lowered her body down on to her knees. Mark continued to pull down on the leash until Summer was forced onto her hands also. Now her head was directly over the sprinkler head, just inches from Mark's crotch.

"Now can you see the work Summer," Mark asked.

"Yes Mark I can see it and thank you very much," Summer quickly replied.

Summer's young master had quietly made his way over to the edge of the balcony off her master bedroom. He had been careful as he opened the French doors so that they did not make a sound to interrupt what he hoped would be a good show on the patio. And, his desires had been met. He had watched as Mark Freeman had successfully gotten Summer to adhere to his demands once again reinforcing her submissive tendencies and subliminal desire to serve. He was looking down and could see the thin strap of Summer's red thong pulled tightly between her ass cheeks. He saw that her head was now level with Mark's crotch. Now he wondered if her true submissive personality would lead her to sucking his cock.

"You did not address me as Mr. Freeman," Mark said as he pulled down on the leash as he stood.

"I am sorry Mark, but that is hard for me as you are James' friend," Summer said with her head still pulled down.

"Well, Summer, I don't like how you were treating me with disrespect as I was here to make sure the work done was to your satisfaction. I guess I will have to take that up with James in our next correspondence. By the way, does he know how you are dressing these days at home," Mark asked as he tightened his grip on the leash. Continuing, "Right now, I am the man holding a leash attached to your slut collar in your own back yard Summer. So you tell me, how should you address me?"

"Yes Mr. Freeman, I see what you mean," was Summer's reply.

"So, what do you think about the work Summer," Mark asked.

"I think it is very good Mr. Freeman," Summer replied hoping this embarrassing moment might pass. She felt uneasy, but she caught herself looking at Mark's crotch and wondering how big of a cock he had as she saw it poking at the front of his khaki pants.

"Well, thank you Summer. I thought my men did a good job. I think you are not being appropriately appreciative though. I can see you looking at the front of my pants. Do you want to give me a tip now Summer," Todd asked sternly.

At that moment, both of the plugs in Summer's holes jumped to life. Mark immediately noted the faint, but unmistakable hum, but he was not sure where it came from. But, he noticed that all of a sudden Summer emitted a low moan and her back was slightly arched. Mark did not know what exactly had happened, but he noticed the change in Summer's body immediately.

"Are you ok Summer," Mark asked.

"Yes, Mark, I am ok, but I need to get up off of the patio," Summer replied.

Suddenly and without warning, Summer's ass erupted in fire as Mark rained down two quick slaps; one on each of her ass cheeks.

"Summer, you continue to show your disrespect for me," Mark said.

"I am sorry Mr. Freeman, but I am ready to get off of the patio as I have seen the repair work," Summer said.

"Summer, I am here for my tip," Mark said. 

Mark pressed his hips forward as he pulled on the leash attached to the collar that circled the neck of his friend's wife. Summer's face was now pressed up against his crotch and his semi-erect cock was becoming more erect because of the situation and his desire to have his cock sucked by the teacher.

Mark reached down and slowly lowered the zipper of his pants. Summer watched as the fingers drew the zipper all the way down and she could see the head of Mark's cock. "Take it with your lips Summer," Mark said as he pulled harder on the leash.

Summer was not prepared for the sudden assault on her ass, but it got her attention. She realized that her only action at this point was to do as she was instructed because she knew that her young master would punish her is she did not. Also, she was curious about the cock of her husband's friend.

Summer was confused, but the vibrations in her pussy and ass were having the effect on her that led her to need a cock in her mouth. She leaned forward and nuzzled against the opening to Mark's pants. She was able to touch the cock, but it was restrained by the material of his boxers.

"Use your hands Summer and free my cock," Mark ordered.

"Yes Mr. Freeman," was Summer's reply.

Summer rose up on her knees, and with Mark still firmly gripping the leash, Summer reached for the belt that secured Mark's pants. She unfastened the belt, quickly undid the button that kept the pants secured and then slowly pulled the pants down. Next Summer reached for the elastic band of Mark's boxers and pulled them swiftly downward. This freed Mark's fully erect and vertically standing cock. She had not seen a cock stand so stiffly and upwardly erect. It looked to be about seven inches in length, but it also had a large girth.

"Suck it Summer," Mark ordered.

Up on the balcony, Todd was watching his slut teacher submit to another man and his cock. Her progress to becoming a willing slut was amazing. It was only ten days or so ago on that Thursday night that she sent that face picture that forever changed him and her life. Now, he had taken up occupation of the home his slut shared with her husband. The terrycloth robe and slippers Todd had on were his slut's husbands. He was standing on the balcony that led into the bedroom where his slut shared a bed with her husband and he had slept there last night while his slut teacher was bound lying on the floor.

Todd watched as Summer reached up with her hands as she knelt on the patio surface of her home. He noticed that Mark's cock was similar to his so Todd was anxious to watch it fuck in and out of his slut's mouth. Her mouth was going to get a work-out today after her salon treatment. He had been planning her clothes, hair & nail appointment to make the adjustments in her appearance all week. Then he was taking her to the adult movie theater to force her to submit there.

Summer's hands grasped the erect cock of her landscaper and moved her mouth over the big bulb of the cock head. She could smell a slight sweaty aroma that a working man's cock emitted she thought to herself. She felt a tug on the leash pulling her onto the erect cock as her mouth completely encircled the cock head. She slowly worked the cock into her mouth until she felt it touch the back of her throat and she pulled back a little. Then Summer started to work her mouth up and down the shaft of her new cock in her life. The more he pulled on the leash the more Summer wanted to suck the cock. She was amazed by her willingness to suck a cock in her own back yard while she knew her young master watched from above.

"That's right Summer, suck my cock like a slut would," Mark moaned.

There that word was again. Summer felt compelled to protest this man using that word, but here she was on her knees in her own back yard sucking another man's cock. She must be doing a good job as she felt the cock begin to harden even more if that was possible.

Mark pulled the leash harder and forced his cock to the back the wife of his best friend's throat. He held it there until his cock erupted spewing cum down Summer's throat and finally into her belly as he heard her slurp and suck the remaining cum from his still hard shaft.

Mark held Summer in place while he allowed her to milk the last drops of cum. He noticed that the sleeves of the silk robe had fallen over Summer's shoulders and halfway down her arms. He pulled his cock out of Summer's mouth and grabbed her by the arms pulling her to a standing position. He then slipped his hands down her arms pulling the robe completely off of Summer.

"Stand up straight and put your hands behind your head Summer," Mark ordered.

He was surprised by her immediate compliance with his instruction. Mark then made a thorough inspection of his latest housewife conquest. He was very persuasive and had been able to get two blowjobs this morning before 10:00 AM. But this blowjob was from his friend's wife and that made it more interesting of course.

Mark pulled and twisted the pierced nipples that stood so erectly supported by the red lace of the shelf bra Summer was wearing. He slid his hand down her body until it reached the lace band of the thong. Mark moved his hand inside the thong and found a freshly shaven pubic mound and no resistance from the woman in front of him. He looked directly into Summer's eyes as his middle finger found her erect clit. 

Mark could feel the vibrations in her pussy and the found the receiver wire that was extended out of the wet pussy of the wife of his friend. Mark slipped his middle and index fingers inside Summer's sopping wet pussy until they found the egg buried deep inside. His fingers detected vibrations from outside the lining of the slick pussy. Mark ran his other hand around to Summer's ass and slipped his fingers between her ass cheeks until they found the base of the butt plug that was also vibrating in her ass.

"What a slut you are Summer. Does James know that you walk around your house dressed the way you are with vibrators plugged deep inside you," Mark asked in a condescending tone.

Summer could only moan as Mark's fingers began to manipulate each of the pleasure devices in her holes. It did not take long until her body was convulsing with her second orgasm of the morning.

"Well Summer, I will have to come back to check on your yard more often," Mark smiled as he pulled up his pants. He noticed that Summer remained erect, hands behind her head and legs spread wide. "Ok, Summer you can put your hands down. Have a great day," Mark said as he made his way off of the patio.

Summer stooped down, picked up the discarded robe and walked back into the house. She locked the French doors and then walked up the stairs to the second floor landing. She then walked the few steps into the bedroom she shared with her husband that was now occupied by her young master.

"Very good job slut. You will become a great submissive with more instructions," Todd said while lying on her bed.

"Thank you Master T. I am glad that I pleased you. May I take a shower now," Summer replied.

"Yes slut. Take a shower, wash off all of the cum you have accumulated, wash your hair, but do not dry it. You can put it up in a towel. Once you have finished your shower, you are to apply your make-up as I require. Then come into the bedroom to find what you will be wearing today. I will be downstairs enjoying your husband's coffee," Todd commanded.

Summer walked into the bathroom she shared with her husband to find her expensive Egyptian cotton towels thrown carelessly on the tile floor. The shower was steamed and had water runs streaking the fine glass walls. Summer stood in front of her mirror and stripped off her white heels. She reached behind her neck and unfastened the collar and let it fall to the floor with the leash still attached. She was not told she could, but Summer pulled the plug from her ass and egg from her pussy. She did not know when, but both had stopped vibrating at some point.

Summer quickly stripped off the thong panties and unhooked the shelf bra, which joined the collar and leash at her feet. Now, all that Summer had on was the ankle bracelet that signified her as a slut along with her piercings. She looked in the mirror and saw how the nipple piercings made her nipples stand erect all the time. Summer noticed how her silver dollar sized nipples were enhanced by the piercings. She bent over slightly and pulled her pussy lips apart and lightly touched the ring piercings in each of her labia lips. She did not feel any pain there as it had taken only a couple of days for the sensitive pain to go away.

Summer quickly jumped in the shower and washed her body free from the cum that had been spewed on and in her for the past 18-hours. She could not remember how many cocks she had sucked or how many times they had spewed their hot jism on her. The thought of hard cocks erupting on her suddenly made her pussy quiver. Summer lowered her hands to her clit and rubbed it for all she was worth. She flexed her legs increasing the tension in her body in the hope that she could achieve and orgasm quickly. But, try as she might, her body just would not react to her touch. She needed to feel something in her body.

Summer's eyes fixed on the handle of the bath brush she used sometimes to scrub away old skin on her back. The handle would work perfectly as she lowered it between her legs as her other hand continued to stroke and rub her clit. Her hand drew the tip of the handle to the lips of her pussy and slowly began to insert it. The handle was not as large as the cocks she had taken in the last few days, but it was having the desired effect of one.

Summer drove the brush handle deep inside her pussy as her fingers brought her to orgasm. Her whole body convulsed from the intensity of the orgasm. Summer could not understand her need, no her craving for orgasms. But, she liked the feeling of the post orgasm and how her body convulsed.

Summer quickly exited the shower, dried her body, wrapped her hair in a towel, picked up the discarded towels from the floor and sat on her stool. Summer began applying make-up as she had been instructed. When she finished, she saw a hooker looking back at her in the mirror. "What is wrong with me," Summer said out loud.

Summer walked the short distance into the bedroom. She found items on the bed that she had never seen before. A note from Todd detailed that she was to reinsert the black egg into her pussy. She was to then slip on the red sheer thong panties that rested on the bed next to a spandex black skirt and white tube top. "Oh my God, I can't wear that," Summer said to herself out loud.

Summer padded back to the bathroom and retrieved the black egg. She easily slipped it in her ever moistening pussy. She was amazed at how wet she was and how she responded to the feeling of something entering her pussy.

Summer picked up the red thong and stepped into it. She pulled it up her legs and over her hips. The thin material of the crotch was not wide enough to cover her pussy lips. It immediately separated her pussy lips and pressed into her moist slit. Summer tried to adjust it to make it more comfortable, but she was not able to do anything with it other than to let it stay inside her lips, which allowed each pussy lip's piercing to be visible.

Next Summer pulled on the white tube top. It was at least one size too small, but probably two. Summer's breasts were barely covered by the top with the bottom of her breasts not completely covered. But that was not the worst part. Summer's nipples were clearly visible through the thin, stretched material of the top. And making matters worse, the bar bell piercings were plainly visible forcing her nipples to stand at full attention.

Summer reached down and grasped the spandex skirt. She had seen several girls at school sent home for wearing one of these skirts. The skirts were too short for school and Summer remembered that if the girl bent even ever so slightly, it was impossible to miss the bottom of their ass cheeks. She remembered Melanie Hart being sent home and how her mother reacted. The teacher that had sent her home had mysteriously been transferred. Summer shivered at the thought of raising the ire of Sandra Wilson.

Summer stepped into the waist band of the skirt and drew it up her legs. She had to sway her hips like she had a hoola hoop around her waist to shimmy the tight garment up her thighs and over her hips. Once on, Summer could not imagine wearing the skirt out in public as it only fell about two inches below her ass cheeks. There would be no way for her to safely sit or for that matter walk without anyone paying attention getting a good view of her ass cheeks. She shivered at the thought of being forced to walk up stairs because anyone behind her would be able to see the thin strip of material of the thong running between her ass cheeks. The skirt and top made her feel like she was a street walker when combined with her whore make-up. Summer noticed that the side straps of her red thong peeked over the waistband of the spandex skirt. She tried her best to push the material of the thong side straps back inside the waist band of the skirt.

Next Summer found a bag that she opened. Summer was aghast at the next item of torture. Her young master had brought her bright open toed, red high heeled platform shoes with ankle straps. Summer just knew that if she took a false step, she would break an ankle. The heels had to be six inches and they could only be viewed as stripper shoes. She remembered one of the websites James made her watch where women danced on runways with poles to entertain men. The dancers all had the same type of shoes that she was now being forced to wear by her young master.

Summer successfully fastened each shoe to her ankles by sitting on the bench at the foot of the bed that she shared with her husband, but had been slept in by her young master. She stood up tentatively and wobbled slightly when her full weight was placed on the pencil thin spikes of the heels. She walked cautiously across the Berber carpet to the bathroom. She stood in front of the full length mirror and was aghast by what she saw.

Before her, Summer saw a high school English teacher dressed as a Saturday night street walker. The clothing made her look younger than her years, but she still looked to mature to be in such clothing. Her nipples poked out the front of the tube top like headlights on a 1950's car. The hem of the skirt barely covered her ass cheeks and the waist band of the skirt fell several inches below her belly button. Summer smiled when the skirt provided a good view of her taunt abdomen. At least the sit-ups made her look presentable.

Summer turned her back to the mirror and was shocked at how short the skirt really was. It did not take much bending to bring her ass cheeks into view. There was no way she could effectively go anywhere in the skirt or top where she would be seen in public. Summer thought that her young master was playing with her. Summer looked down and noticed that the French tipped toenails of both feet were clearly visible as her toes jutted through the opening of the shoes.

As Summer went down the stairs it was unmistakable that she was wearing platform heels. Todd could hear the footsteps and he smiled to himself as he thought about the fun he was about to have with his slut teacher.

As Summer finally made her way into the kitchen area she was met with a sharp whistle and a pleased look on her young master's face. "Don't you look good my slut. Are you ready to go," Todd said.

"You don't expect me to go out in public in this outfit do you," Summer said in a protesting voice.

"I expect you to follow directions and do as you are told slut, or your non-compliance will be met with severe consequences. So, what's it going to be slut," Todd asked.

"Master T, I cannot be seen in this outfit. If people see me my career would be over no matter what hold you have on me," Summer said.



"Well slut, you have to decide if you want your husband, your children, your employer and your neighbors to find out what a slut you are. I am sure that the local school board would not view your actions with a student to well. Imagine being called before the school board to explain your actions. I have other sluts, so I can dump you now. Your choice slut," Todd said matter-of-factly to the stunned teacher.

"But Master T, please don't make me do this, I beg you," Summer pleaded.

"Slut, your life changed forever when you sent me the picture. But, you know you are a slut, you love cock and you are ready to please me any way I demand. So move your ass and let's get in your car so we can start your day of change," Todd commanded.

Todd did not wait for a response from his slut teacher and he walked out of the kitchen. He knew that she would follow and do as instructed. He saw it in her eyes and the way her chest rose and fell as she talked to him. The teacher's nipples stood at full attention and he loved the way the white tube top barely covered her breasts as the bottom of her breasts were fully exposed. He could now wait to see her on display at the hair and nail salon. He could only imagine the stares that she was going to get as she sat in the salon chair in the window of the shopping mall. Of course, the mall was on the other side of town and no one that went there would know his slut teacher, but she would not know that.

Todd got into the driver side of the teacher's convertible. He started up the car and just as he put the car in reverse, his stunning slut teacher walked into the garage, opened the passenger car door and sat down. Todd saw the skirt ride up to his slut's red thong covered pussy and he was very pleased.

Once he had backed the car out of the garage, Todd pushed the release button and the convertible top opened, then slowly rolled back until it was secured. Before he backed down the driveway, Todd made one thing clear to his slut, "You are to spread your legs, put your fingers in your panties and you are to rub your pussy until I tell you to stop. You are not to cum unless you ask for my permission."

Summer could not believe that her young master was going to expose her in this manner. She was hesitating and it was met with a stern look, which was reinforced by her young master's next words, "DO IT!"

Summer knew that her situation was not sure to improve is he continued to hesitate when she was given directions from her young master. Summer knew with the skirt she was being made to wear that she would give anyone looking a good view of her panties. Her clothing defined her as a slut and being with such a young man would open her up for humiliating stares. For some reason, the more her young master demanded, the more she wanted to be his slut.

Summer settled back into the passenger seat, spread her legs and slid her left hand into her panties. Summer leaned her head back against the head rest and began to rub her clit under the gaze of her young master. Todd noted the compliance and then started down the driveway. Fortunately for Summer, her neighbors had completed their early Saturday morning walks and the grass cutting had not begun. She was pleased that she did not get ogled by her next door neighbor Mr. Johnson. He had become more brazen in his efforts to look her body over. She did not know that he had seen the whole episode on the patio earlier and he was at his desk re-watching the video.

Summer's eyes were closed and her long brunette hair was blowing gracefully as her young master pushed the accelerator on his slut teacher's BMW. He love the way the wind moved his slut's hair, but knew that in a few hours her hair would be shorter, highlighted and clipped in a jagged style to give her a younger, more erotic style.

Summer was not paying any attention to the drive. Her fingers were doing the only driving she was currently interested in paying attention to while her young master spirited her car down the road. She felt the black egg jump to life and Todd watched as her hips jutted forward as a result of the intense sensation created by the highest setting on the remote control he held in his hand.

Todd watched as Summer's hand began to move more rapidly in her panties. He saw her legs splayed wider with her knees pressed against the door panel as well as the gear shift console. "Stroke that clit slut," Todd said.

Summer could hear her young master's command over the roar of the engine and the wind rushing past her ears. Summer easily slipped her free hand under the bottom of her white tube top as it was tight on her breasts, but because it was maybe two sizes too small, it fit snugly across her breasts, which did not allow it to fully cover the underside of her breasts.

Todd watched as Summer's fingers found her nipple and he watched as she pulled, twisted and manipulated the pierced knob. Knowing her body language, Todd knew that his slut teacher was fast approaching orgasm. Unfortunately for her, she would not be having an orgasm anytime soon. She was going to be kept on edge until the movie theater's dark interior.

"Take your hand out of your thong slut. We are here," Todd said.

Summer had not even noticed that the car had come to a stop. She did not know how many people had seen her in the car while she played with herself so wantonly. She looked up to see that they were in front of her tanning salon.

"Ok slut, go inside. Sandy is waiting on you. I am going to run an errand while you tan," Todd said.

"Yes Master T," was Summer's only reply.

Summer dreaded being accosted by Sandy again. The last time she had felt the long, hard strap-on cock almost split her in half. Sandy was a very athletic woman and she was quite strong. Summer admitted to herself that she was intimidated by her.

Summer almost forgot what she was wearing as she exited the car. She quickly pulled at the hem of the skirt and the tube top to at least give her body some coverage. As she shut her car door, Todd put the car in reverse and backed away, leaving Summer standing in the parking lot, dressed only in her black spandex skirt, white tube top, red stripper heels and her red thong.

Summer turned and walked into the tanning salon. She was met with Sandy's hardened gaze. "Nice to see you again slut. Ready to tan," Sandy asked.

"Yes Sandy, I am here to tan," Summer replied.

"What did you call me slut," Sandy asked.

"Sorry Mistress," replied Summer.

"Follow me to room seven slut," Sandy commanded.

As they walked down the hallway, Summer saw several new pictures framed on the walls. She knew immediately that they were of her from her first visit to the salon when she was made to parade up and down the hallway as a camera flashed. She was thankful to know that her face was not visible. Summer was proud of how her body looked.

When they reached room seven, Sandy told Summer to strip as she was holding the black tanning thong as well as the nipple covers. Summer looked at Sandy and then turned to close the door. "Don't worry about the door slut as there is no one else here today. You are all mine," Sandy said.

"Oh God, not today too," Summer thought to herself.

Summer stood inside the room, but out of the door frame. She put her purse down on the chair. Summer started to sit on the chair when Sandy told her that she was to strip while standing.

Summer slipped her hands on the sides of the tube top and with some effort pulled it up over her head. This motion caused her breasts to sway and the material of the top grazed her nipples making them harder. Summer placed the top on the chair. Next Summer pulled the skirt down her hips and it fell to the floor around her feet. She lifted her foot and placed the skirt on the chair. Next, Summer lowered the tiny red thong and did the same thing with her foot. Now she only stood in her ankle strap stripper heels before the black salon employee.

"Ok slut, sit on the chair and take off your stripper shoes," Sandy said with a little giggle.

Once she had done this, Sandy handed Summer her black tanning thong. Summer stepped into it, stood up and then pulled it into place. She had not noticed before, but she had a nice tan line formed with the thong.

"Ok slut, today we are doing something a little different. Master T wants to stimulate you while you tan and I am not allowed to abuse you. That is unfortunate for me and you will find that the stimulation you are about to receive is wonderfully frustrating," Sandy said.

"Why what is it Mistress," Summer asked.

Sandy then told Summer to stand up with her hands over her head. Sandy then affixed an electrode to each nipple. Next, Sandy pulled the front of Summer's tanning thong down and then she attached an electrode to just above Summer's clit. To Summer, the electrodes were like those utilized in an electrocardiogram at a doctor's office. Sandy attached thin wires to the slots at the top of each electrode and then she told Summer to lay in the bed with her hands extended above her head outside of the bed.

As Summer lay on the bed, she felt her hands being fastened together. When she tried to move them, she found that they had been fastened in hand cuffs, which were attached to a chain hooked into a ring mounted in the wall. "Why are you handcuffing me," Summer asked.

"Well slut, those electrodes are about to start vibrating and your hands will want to start touching your slut pussy. Your Master does not want you to be able to cum without his permission," Sandy replied.

Suddenly, the electrodes sprang to life. They started with a low vibration and Sandy was right. Her first instinct was to touch herself. The vibrations alternated between high, medium and low for the entire twenty minute tanning session. Summer's body writhed in the bed for the fully twenty minutes. Every time that she was about to orgasm, the vibrations from the electrodes either slowed or turned off. The electrodes kept Summer on a sexual edge that she had never experienced without hands, cocks, tongues or verbal humiliations stimulating her. Summer was about to reach the needed orgasm when the tanning bed shut off.

She had been in the bed for twenty minutes on an erotic roller coaster as the electrode stimulation kept Summer at the peak of an orgasm, but never allowing her to achieve it. As soon as the bed turned off, Sandy walked into room seven. Sandy unclasped Summer's hands, pulled the electrodes off of Summer's body and raised the bed's top.

"Give me your tanning thong and you are allowed to get dressed now slut," Sandy said as she held her hand out towards the teacher.

Summer slipped the tanning thong down her legs and handed it to her black mistress. "Well, that device really had an effect on you didn't it slut," Sandy said as she rubbed the thong's crotch between her fingers.

"Get dressed and go outside to wait for your master," Sandy ordered.

Summer quickly slipped on her sheer red thong and sat down to slip on the red, open toed stripper platform heels. She thought it would be easier to put them on before the skirt. Summer slipped the heels on her feet, fastened the ankle straps and then slipped her feet through the waist band of the spandex skirt. As Summer stood, she pulled the skirt up her legs, wiggled her hips and successfully pulled the skirt in place though its hem was only two inches below her ass cheeks. Next Summer pulled the white, almost sheer tube top over her arms, over her head and into place. Though it gave coverage of 75% of her breasts, she still felt topless because the bottoms of each of her breasts were very visible, but what made the top almost illegal was the way her nipples appeared. Summer looked into the mirror behind the tanning room door and she could easily see the outline of her silver dollar sized nipples and she could very easily see the piercings in each nipple.

Summer fluffed her hair, refreshed her make-up and headed out the door. Summer walked down the hallway towards the front door of the salon. While she had been tanning, the salon had gotten busy and the front waiting area was filled with customers waiting to tan. Summer saw the looks of disgust as she made her way to the front door. She could hear the whispered word of slut from several of the people in the lobby.

Summer exited the salon and expected to see her young master waiting for her in her BMW. But, her young master was nowhere in sight. Now Summer had to stand outside the salon entrance, dressed as a Saturday night whore and felt the high hot sun bearing down on her. She had not been allowed to wear sunglasses so she had to squint into the daylight looking for her young master to arrive. Several customers came and went through the front doors while she waited. Finally, her young master arrived. He pulled up parallel to the front door of the salon and waited.

Summer walked the short distance to the car, opened the passenger door and quickly sat down on the seat. Just as Summer was able to fasten her seatbelt, her young master hit the accelerator and roared onto the road. Summer immediately spread her legs as had been required earlier today. Todd noticed her compliant position and smiled.

Summer did not question where she was being taken. She knew that she would not have a choice in where she went anyway.

Todd drove about fifteen minutes to a strip mall that Summer had never been to. It was not in an area where she normally went, but she recognized that it was in the same general area where she had been pierced last weekend. She was glad that she was not being taken to Marcos' tattoo and piercing parlor. She did notice that there were lots of retail stores in the center and lots of traffic. She also noticed a wide assortment of nice cars so she was somewhat relieved.

Todd parked in front of Midge's Salon and put the car in park. Todd did not bother to put the top back down on his slut teacher's convertible. He opened the driver's door and exited the car. He paused only briefly to allow time for his slut to exit the car. He was afforded a very good view up Summer's skirt and he could plainly see the red thong barely covering her hairless pussy mound. 

Todd caught himself thinking about how the upside down rose blossom Summer was getting tomorrow and how it was going to look on that mound. Todd also thought about the twin blue butterflies that will adorn each of his teacher slut's breasts. He also planned to tattoo his initials TS on the back of her neck like the Tiger Woods TW logo. Finally, Todd planned to have the school Tribal Eagle tattooed on his slut's back intertwined with the now very visible thin tan line. He continued to think about the clit piercings Summer would receive that would match the piercings in her nipples. Todd also would have her belly button pierced with a loop with an elongated "S" attached to the loop. Finally, Todd would have three small hoop rings inserted in each of Summer's ears further identifying her as his slut. He could not wait. He knew that for all that work to be accomplished, he would have to get her to Marcos by noon as he had said that the work would take almost six hours.

"Ok, slut. We are going to give you a new hairstyle today that more in keeping with your position as my slut, but also based on how I want you to look," Todd said.

"But, Master T, I have been growing my hair a long time to reach the length that my husband wanted. He likes that it reaches the middle of my back," Summer said.

"I don't give a shit slut. You will wear it however I tell you to wear it. If you give me a hard time today, the stylist will shave your head," Todd said as he walked into the salon.

Summer knew that her young master was quite serious and that to cross him would have dire consequences for her. And, how bad could a new style be given that she was being taken to what appeared to be a nice salon.

However, Summer's relief was short lived. When she entered the salon she was met with a line of six stations with one facing directly towards the front window of the salon. Todd was talking with a very tall striking, short haired platinum blonde with sleeve tattoos on both of her arms, a piercing through her nose (similar to Summer's nipple piercings), a red silk, sleeveless blouse that was tied tightly below her breasts, a belly button piercing with the letters "TS" attached to a loop, red mini skirt and white high six inch heels. If she did not know better, Summer assumed that Todd had dressed her.

"Summer this is Midge and she is going to give you a transforming hairstyle today. Also, she is going to give you a manicure as well as a pedicure to make you feel pampered," Todd said with a smile.

"Yes Master T," was the required response given by Summer as expected by Todd.

"Hi Summer. It is nice to finally meet you. Todd has told me so much about you. I am looking forward to giving you the hairstyle that suits your personality and his desires," Midge said almost disarmingly to the nervous teacher.

"Hi Midge, it is nice to meet you. I am nervous about a new hairstyle, but I will do whatever Todd wants me to do," Summer said. 

Summer winced when she realized her mistake. "I am sorry Midge, Master T's direction are what I desire to follow."

Summer quickly looked at her young master and her look was met with a wry smile.

"Ok Midge. I leave my slut in your very capable hands," Todd said.

Todd then looked at his teacher slut, "Do whatever Midge says when she says it with no hesitation. Do you understand my teacher slut?"

"Yes Master T," answered the compliant teacher.

With that, Todd Spillers turned and left his teacher slut in the very capable hands of his former slut Midge. She had been a teacher and had been discovered sucking another teacher's pussy in her classroom. The scene was captured by Todd when he was just beginning his junior year at the high school. So, Todd has been gaining experience for some time with a teacher that exposed her submissive side to him.

"Well Summer it looks like you belong to me for a while this afternoon," Midge said.

"Now I know you are nervous and I understand. But, you will relax for a bit here in the lobby while I get things ready for your treatments."

Midge handed Summer a glass of chardonnay and told her to drink it all down. Midge said that she would be back in about 10 minutes.

Summer sat unsteadily on the deep cushioned sofa there in the lobby. Summer was not paying attention when she sat down, but the hem of her spandex skirt rode up to her crotch. Summer happened to look down and saw that she was exposing her pussy to anyone that happened to look. Fortunately, there was no one in the lobby at that moment. Summer quickly pulled the hem down as best she could and decided to cross her legs to be more lady like.

Summer took a couple of sips of the chardonnay and was pleased with its flavor. Summer quickly took another couple of sips and leaned back against the back cushions of the soft couch.

Summer was not paying attention when the front door of the salon opened. To her dismay and surprise, Melanie Hart walked into the salon. She did not see her English teacher at first and Summer tried to screw herself deeper into the cushions hoping to not be seen by her senior student.

Unfortunately, Midge walked back into the lobby and called Summer Wayne's name. Melanie turned to her right and saw her teacher sitting there. She just stared at Summer taking in her attire not believing what she was seeing. Todd had told her he had a surprise for her today, but she did not realize it would be her favorite teacher dressed the way she was.

"Summer it is time for you to come on back," Midge said.

Summer hesitated, but saw the look on Midge's face. Summer slowly, unsteadily inched her body forward. Each movement hiked the hem of her skirt up closer to her crotch again. Summer could not bear to look at Melanie, but it was impossible as she was standing right in front of her.


Then Melanie spoke, "Wow Ms. Wayne you are really stepping out today dressed like that. What kind of party are you attending? Can I come?

Melanie giggled as she saw Summer's struggles and stared intently first at the white almost see through tube top. Then her gaze lowered to the hem of the skirt and she saw that her teacher was wearing red panties that matched her red heels. 

"Well, I am going to enjoy my hair treatments today Ms. Wayne. Todd said that you would be here and would be very happy to pay for my treatment. Thank you so much," Melanie said with a loud giggle.

Summer could only shake her head and follow Midge into the salon area. Unfortunately, Midge's station was in the front at the exterior window so anyone walking by could see her work. "Sit here Summer so I can take a good look at your hair," Midge said.

Summer got into the large salon styling chair. Midge waked around Summer playing with her long strands of hair that she had let grow out to please her husband James. "Summer, it will be a shame to shear off so much of your gorgeous hair, but your Master T has given me specific instructions for your hair treatment. We will also be giving you a manicure and pedicure," the hairstylist said.

"Now follow me back to the wash area so we can get rid of all of the current chemicals you have sprayed on your hair," Midge said to the teacher.

Summer stepped off of the chair and followed Midge as she walked through the salon. Summer watched the ass covered by the red mini skirt. Summer was intrigued by all of the tattoos wondering how long it took and if it hurt.

Each chair of the salon was filled with customers. Summer saw Melanie sitting across from one of the styling chairs waiting her turn. Summer wondered what kind of treatment Melanie would be receiving hoping that it would not be too expensive. Summer could see how Melanie looked at her as well as a slight giggle. Summer could feel her humiliation growing, but she also noticed that though her breasts were bounding, her nipples continued to stiffen. She just knew that her nipples were going to poke straight through the thin material of the tube top.

When Midge stopped walking Summer realized she was at the back of the salon with two chairs with deep sinks behind each one. The sinks had curved fronts in which one would lay back into for the hair to be washed. "Sit here Summer," Midge said pointing to the first chair. Summer sat down where instructed, but she remained sitting upright with her hands settling between her legs close to the hem of her skirt trying to provide some coverage of her panties.

"Lay back Summer so I can go to work," Midge said.

"Aren't you going to give me a smock to cover me up," Summer asked.

"No, your Master T wanted you fully on display in the salon. So, lay back now," Midge said.

"Great," Summer mumbled to herself.

"What was that Summer," Midge asked.

"Oh nothing Midge," Summer replied.

"Be careful with your smart mouth. I am prepared to do whatever it takes to ensure that I am able to meet your Master T's expectations. If you don't comply with directions, there are things I will do to you to ensure your compliance. Do you understand Summer," Midge finished.

"Yes Midge, I understand," Summer said as she leaned back to place her head in the curved slot to have her hair washed.

Summer still had her hands snugly placed between her legs trying to be ladylike rather than to have anyone walking by to see her exposed panty covered pussy. Summer forgot that in this position, the white tube top stretched even more and the bottom of her breasts come more into view. Midge noticed how the teacher's nipples were prominently displayed by the stretched material of the tube top and she could clearly see the piercings in each nipple. She noted the work and realized that it was Marcos who had pierced the teacher's nipples with jewelry similar to the nose piercing Todd had made her experience.

Midge rinsed the teacher's long brunette hair and then applied the nurturing shampoo to prepare Summer for the cut and highlighting that would take place over the next hour. Summer had no idea that the cut would take the length of her hair to just off of her shoulders. This would provide some coverage for the tattoo that would be applied permanently on the back of her neck by Marcos on Sunday. As a former teacher, she could envision Summer's future misgivings about turning her back to her classroom and having her shorter cut reveal her master's initials permanent affixed to his teacher slut. Midge smiled to herself over the constant humiliation Summer's tattoos would cause her during her classroom lectures. Midge also knew that it would provide the teacher's young master with the opportunity to further control the teacher at school.

Midge began to vigorously scrub the scalp of the teacher. She was purposefully being vigorous to see how much the teacher's breasts would shake. Midge noted that though she was in her early forties, Summer's breasts were still firm. Midge rinsed the shampoo from the teacher's hair and then applied conditioner. Midge took her time in massaging the conditioner into the brunette hair of the teacher. Midge saw that she would be shearing of about six inches of Summer's hair to achieve the length that Todd required.

Once she was satisfied that the teacher's hair was ready for the color treatment, she said, "Ok Summer, we are ready to head back to my station."

Midge went quickly out of the wash area and left Summer laying with her hair still soaking wet. Summer was perplexed as to what to do. With her hair soaking wet, she would have water running down her body, onto the top making if further revealing. "Come on Summer, I don't have all day," Midge quickly stopped to say.

"But Midge, my hair is soaking wet. Can't I have a towel," Summer asked.

"No," was Midge's quick reply.

Summer laid there for a bit hoping that more water would drain from her hair. "Get up now Summer," Midge said quite loudly.

Resigned to more humiliation, Summer started to rise from the chair being mindful of covering her panties with her hands, which made rising up impossible. Summer had to move one hand to the arm of the chair and help herself up. The skirt was too short to provide any modesty to the teacher so she just got up. Fortunately, there was no one at the drink station to see her panties.

Summer felt the water begin to run down her back. She knew that the tube top would become almost completely see through, which she guessed was her young master's intent. Summer walked the long walk back to the station at the front of the salon and in clear view of the front windows to anyone passing by. Summer was a little wobbly on her stripper shoes on the linoleum floor of the salon. The shortness of her skirt and the egg anchored in her pussy required that Summer attempt to keep her thighs pressed together as she walked. Summer hoped that by doing this the egg would not slip out and the hem of the skirt would not rise up. Unfortunately for Summer, all she accomplished was to draw more attention her as she was paraded the full length of the salon past the customers of the salon who gave her varying looks of disgust or curiosity.

Before she sat down, Summer was handed her wine glass and told to finish it. She needed it too, so Summer drank it right down. Her glass was refilled and she took several more sips. Summer was standing in full view to the outside world and had been noticed by several teenage boys as they walked the sidewalk of the center. They were all older, but appeared to all be high school students. Summer saw them looking at her through the window and turned her back to the window.

"Drink up Summer," Midge said.

Summer lifted the glass to her lips and downed the rest of the wine. Midge took the glass from Summer's shaking hand and placed it on the counter. "Ok, sit in the chair so we can get started," Midge said.

Summer was relaxed and thankful that the chair was facing the interior of the salon. She knew that she would be on display to the interior store patrons, but at least she would not be splaying her legs open to the outside world through the window.

Summer sat down and the scooted back completely into the chair. She looked down and the hem of her spandex skirt rode up to reveal her red panties to everyone in the salon. Summer placed her hands in between her legs trying to cover up her panties. She suddenly felt the chair begin to rise as Midge adjusted its height. Then Summer felt the back of the chair slide backwards which made it impossible for her to keep her hands securely between her legs. Summer decided that the best approach would be to cross her legs, but this caused the hem of the skirt to rise up her legs even more. Summer just decided to let the hem fall where it may and relax.

Summer watched Midge as she worked at her station. She noticed the hem of Midge's skirt was riding up the back of her thighs. As Summer watched, she became captivated by the extensive tattoo art on Midge's arms. She followed the tattoo up Midge's arms all the way to her shoulder.

Midge noticed that Summer's panties were fully visible because of the short skirt in the reclined position. That is what Todd had ordered. Midge decided to exacerbate the exposure of the teacher's body by further reclining the chair, but also raising it up to give her access to the brunette locks. Midge also noticed that the front of Summer's tube top was wet, which made her nipples even more visible and erect if that was physically possible.

Midge then spun the chair around to face the exterior window so that Summer's panties were on full display to anyone looking into the salon. Summer realized what had just happened and said, "Midge, please give me a smock because everyone can see up my skirt."

"Summer, Master T has told me that you get off on being on display. Your master told me that the more humiliated you are the more turned on you become. So today, you will be putting on a show for all of the people who shop in this center. You will be surprised how many man come here to buy their hunting supplies as well as their golfing supplies. They are going to love your panties and nipples for sure," Midge advised the teacher.

"Oh God, not more public humiliations," Summer mumbled to herself.

Summer tried to relax and just get through the hairstyling humiliation. She felt Midge's comb move through her long wet hair as the stylist began the work on whatever style Summer's young master had in mind for her.

Midge handed the teacher another glass of chardonnay and Summer quickly sucked the contents through the straw and swallowed one half of the wine. Summer's lips felt a little numb and the chardonnay's taste was just a bit more bitter than she remembered.

Above, Midge continued to work the long brunette locks of the teacher. She kept her eyes on Summer's face as she watched the telltale effects of the Ambien tablet that she had been dissolving in Summer's wine while she had washed and combed it out. Midge watched as Summer fought off the drowsiness caused by the sleep medication. But, to make sure that she was completely under its influence, Midge instructed Summer to finish the wine as quickly as possible because she could not be disrupted by her hand movements.

Summer quickly complied with the instructions of the hairstylist. Summer did not dare want to make Midge mad because she did not want to think about what Midge could do to her in the chair or what her young master would do to her. Summer could feel her eyelids becoming very heavy, but she just felt more relaxed as she handed the glass to Midge indicating that she had followed her instructions.

Once Summer's eyes closed for good, Midge manipulated the teacher's shoulders upward so that she could put the teacher's head in the proper resting position of the chair. To accomplish this, Midge lowered the back of the styling chair and pulled Summer's body so that her neck rested on the head rest of the chair. In this position, all of the scantily clad teacher's hair could be combed and draped behind her. When Midge completed placing Summer in the appropriate position, she noticed a couple of young boys were passing by the front of the salon. Midge watched as their heads turned to look in the window and she saw them focus on the sexy teacher who sat sprawled in the styling chair. 

The salon's manicurist came to Midge's station and went to work on Summer's nails. Siting with her back to the window, the manicurist first placed Summer's fingers into warm bowls to loosen the skin around her nails. Next, the old skin of the cuticle for each finger was removed by small scissors. The manicurist poked and prodded the skin to form a more rounded look for the nails as they protruded from the skin. The manicurist then began to apply a strong glue to hold Summer's new three quarter inch acrylic nails. When the acrylic nails had been applied to each of Summer's fingers, the manicurist then went about edging each nail to make sure that each nail was smooth.

The manicurist applied the bright red polish that she had been instructed to use on the teacher's new nails. Once finished, Summer's hands looked like long drips of blood were flowing from the ends of her fingers because of the bright color of the polish as well as the length of the new nails.

The manicurist moved to the bottom of the styling chair as Midge began her work on the teacher's hair. The manicurist spread Summer's feet, took off her six inch platform heels and placed each of the teacher's feet onto a platform attachment affixed to the base of the styling chair. Once the manicurist had accomplished this, Summer's legs were spread wide and she could see the teacher's panty covered pussy. The manicurist noticed that the thin strip of material of the crotch had worked its way between the teacher's pussy lips and she thought she saw something shiny peeking around the material of the crotch of Summer's panties. The manicurist pressed on the inner skin of each of Summer's knees to get a better look. Sure enough, the manicurist could see a ring piercing in each of the teacher's pussy lips that were fully exposed by the lewd position she had been placed in and because the thin strip of material of the crotch of Summer's panties had been worked up between her pussy lips. The manicurist also noticed a thin black wire extending out and around the material of the panties. She wondered to herself what that could possibly be.

The manicurist went about her job of cleaning the teacher's feet and toes. She paid particular attention to the teacher's ankles as that allowed her to manipulate the legs further spreading them as well as causing the hem of the skirt to rise almost to the crotch of Summer's panties. After fanning the painted toenails, the manicurist checked to make sure that each toe was dry. Once sure that the color was fully dried, the manicurist slipped each of Summer's feet back into the six inch, opened toe platform heels

Once satisfied that she had painted each toe as she had been instructed, the manicurist looked up at Midge and asked, "Is that all mistress?"

"Yes that looks perfect Yoko. Now make sure the nails are dry and then you can be off," Midge said.

Midge watched as Yoko blew on the teacher's nails as well as utilized the portable hand held fan on the teacher's hands. She watched as Yoko expertly manipulated each of Summer's fingers directly under the blades of the fan. Midge watched as Yoko performed the drying procedure on the nails all the while gazing up Summer's skirt.

Midge looked down and saw that the hem of the teacher's skirt had worked its way up to her pussy. Midge watched as several young boys were peering into the salon window and she saw their eyes widened as they saw the red panties of the teacher quite clearly. When Midge had positioned the styling chair appropriately, she decided that she needed a quick soda break. She knew that in the current position, Summer's pussy would be on full display like Todd had instructed and she noticed that the nipple piercings were quite evident even though the moisture had begun to dry.

Melanie had been watching Midge and the manicurist while they manipulated her English teacher around and she could clearly see that Summer was fast asleep. Now it was her turn to add to the humiliation of the teacher as Todd had instructed.

Melanie walked up the Midge's station, reached into Summer's purse and withdrew the teacher's phone. Melanie switched the phone into camera mode and quickly snapped off several pictures of the teacher's exposed panties. Oblivious to the young boys staring through the window, Melanie reached down and tweaked both of Summer's nipples and pulled them to make sure that they were fully erect.

Melanie then took several more pictures detailing the teacher's erect nipples. With a smile on her face, Melanie decided to take the humiliation a bit further and pulled the tube top down so that the tops of Summer's silver dollar sized nipples peeked over the top of the tube. Melanie took two quick pictures and then quickly sent all of the pictures detailing Summer's latest humiliation on to Todd. 

Melanie looked down on the teacher and could not wait to see Midge's final work on Summer's long brunette locks. Melanie placed the phone back in Summer's purse and walked back to the styling station where her hair was being luxuriously treated by her stylist as a treat from her favorite English teacher. Melanie's hair was now about the length that the teacher's hair would be in a little over an hour. She wondered how the teacher would react when she saw that her hair would barely reach her shoulders and that the jagged styling would give glimpses of her neck as she walked, stooped or sat. Melanie silently wondered if the neck tattoo would be partially visible to anyone casually looking or if Midge's styling would purposefully hide the ownership tattoo on the back of Summer's neck.

Midge watched as Melanie manipulated the teacher for her pictures. She wondered who would see the pictures and how they were being used. But, her instructions were pretty simple: radically alter the teacher's hair style by shortening and streaking the teacher's brunette hair. She was to also layer cut the hair to give it a younger appearance. Then Midge was to do a jagged cut line in the teacher's hair so that she would have a wilder look about her. Midge knew that this style would be a drastic change for the teacher not only in length, but the resulting coloring would give her the appearance of a blonde bleaching job gone badly.

Midge went to work applying the color. Pretty soon, Summer looked like a radio reception tower with all of the aluminum foil in her hair. Midge paid particular attention to the top of Summer's hair as she knew that whenever Summer would be giving a blow job, Todd wanted to see very obvious signs of the highlighting. 

Midge twirled the styling chair around so that Summer now faced the interior of the salon. Next Midge rolled over the portable hair dryer and placed it directly over Summer's head so that its heat could dry the long, now highlighted locks of the teacher. Midge set the timer for the dryer to its longest setting as she knew that the Ambien would wear off in about an hour and she had been instructed to make sure that Summer was awake when she began to trim off her long locks.

About 45 minutes later, Midge walked back to her station and noted how the sprawled legs of the teacher had widened and that the hem of her skirt had worked its way up her legs almost to Summer's panty covered pussy. Midge could just make out the tops of Summer's dark nipples peeking out over the white tube top. Quite a sight she thought to herself.

As she turned off the dryer and began to roll it away from her station, she saw the initial signs of the teacher waking up from drug induced sleep. Midge knew that it was time to starting trimming, well actually cutting off the long lengths of the teacher's now brightly streaked brunette hair.



"Ok, Summer, wake up darling. I have to start trimming these beautiful locks as your master has directed," Midge whispered into the still drowsy teacher's ear.

With that, Midge adjusted the chair causing Summer to sit more upright and in the same motion, Midge twirled the styling chair around to face the window again. Once she had Summer properly positioned, Midge opened her drawer and extracted the remote control for the black egg that she had been told was buried deep inside the teacher's pussy.

Summer was then able to see her newly manicured fingernails. "Oh my God, what happened to my fingernails," Summer asked. Continuing, "They are so long, I might poke myself in the eyes applying my make-up."

"Don't worry Summer, your master wanted you to have long nails to make it more difficult for you to stroke your clit. These longer nails will require you to be more cautious," Midge said matter-of-factly. 

Summer looked down and saw that each of her toenails had been painted the bright red that matched the polish of her almost dagger like finger nails. Gone were her weekly manicured French tip styled toenails and they had been replaced by stripper style red polish. The open toes of each of her platform heels only provided a more provocative appearance for Summer's toes.

Just then Midge flicked the switch and the egg jumped to life in Summer's pussy. Midge noticed an immediate sharp intake of air by the teacher. "Now, just relax Summer as I give you a new style as demanded by your young master. Don't jump around as I make my cuts as I would hate to disappoint Todd with a report that you were not cooperative," Midge told the now fully alert teacher.

As Summer became adjusted to the light coming in through the exterior window, she saw her legs were spread wide because they were still in the platform that was utilized by the manicurist and her skirt was raised up to her panty covered pussy. She carefully moved her hands to her hem and made an effort to pull the tight garment back down for some modesty. Her actions were met with an immediate finger flick to her neck rebuke from the stylist, "I told you to be still," came Midge's harsh words.

"But Midge, my skirt is up too high and anyone looking in your window will be able to see my panties," Summer said.

"Summer, I don't give a shit if someone sees your panties. All I know is that I have a job to do and your FULL cooperation is required," Midge said. Continuing, "If I need to call your master I will."

"No Midge, I promise to be good, I just would like to cover myself some is all," Summer pleaded.

Summer's comment was met with silence from Midge. Summer felt her hair being pulled up over head and then she heard the snip of Midge's scissors. Summer saw a length of almost six inches of her hair land on her legs. Summer's eyes welled with tears as she realized that her beautiful long brunette hair that she had been growing for years was suddenly being shorn from her head. Summer noticed that some of the lengths being cut had highlighted streaks of a color white. Summer was shocked to think that her hair had taken on a light streaked look and would now be cut off.

Summer's despair was suddenly interrupted when the vibrations from the egg buried deep in her pussy increased in their intensity. Summer's pussy grabbed at the egg and tried to control the vibrations. Summer pressed her thighs together trying to reduce the noise being emitted from her pussy because of the intensity of the vibration of the egg. But, Summer realized that the tighter she pressed her thighs together, the tighter her pussy walls tried to grip the egg. In doing this, the vibrations of the egg only intensified the stimulation of her pussy. Summer soon found herself grinding her ass down into the styling chair as her body was reacting to the egg's stimulation. Summer also had to be careful not to move her head lest she suffer Midge's wrath who held scissors in her hands.

Midge noticed that Summer had gotten quieter and she also noticed how her hips were beginning to grind into the chair. She knew it was time to increase the intensity of the egg's vibration, but she wanted to extend the teacher's humiliation for as long as she could. 

Midge leaned down and with her free hand, she rubbed the top of Summer's breast as she purred into the teacher's ear, "So, Summer doesn't that egg feel good in your pussy. I bet the crotch of your panties is already wet with your pussy juices."

Summer just leaned her head back against the chair, closed her eyes and let the feeling of the egg run through her body. Summer noticed Midge's fingers gently rubbing the top of her breast and she audibly moaned from the pleasure of being touched by another person. The egg was pressing against the walls of her pussy and vibrating through-out her body. Summer's hips involuntarily began to push harder against the seat of the styling chair while Midge continued to stroke the top of her breast. 

Summer was not aware that Midge's actions were causing the white tube top to slowly begin to work its way over her nipples. In a matter of seconds, Summer's left nipple was fully visible with the bar bell piercing clearly visible. The top of the tube top rested just below the piercing in Summer's left nipple and it caused the nipple to hang lewdly for anyone to see.

Midge stopped playing with Summer at that point and went back to her job of giving the teacher the new look her master wanted. Midge was feeling sorry for the teacher because with each snip of the scissors, months of care and growth were chopped away. 

Summer's body was moving closer to orgasm with each minute that the egg was vibrating in her pussy. Midge had adjusted the setting on the egg to be intermittent, which caused both pleasure and frustration for the teacher. Summer pressed her hips downward and involuntarily her hips also pressed back up so that she was producing a fucking motion in the styling chair with her hair falling around her body, her left nipple supported by the top portion of the tube top and the humiliation of being seen by anyone that walked by was edging Summer to the brink of another very public orgasm.

Midge watched as the teacher's body was betraying her. Midge was amazed that even though she was in a very public place, the teacher seemed to be oblivious to her surroundings. It looked to Midge that Summer wanted to cum and the situation only heightened her need to reach an orgasm.

As Midge worked around the teacher's head, she continued to make sure that the cut met just onto or just above Summer's shoulders. Todd had been specific in saying that the cut should be short enough to reveal her sexy neck and the new piercings she would be receiving in her ears on Sunday. Midge also knew that Todd intended on placing a permanent mark on the teacher's neck that would reflect his ownership of the teacher. So, Midge paid particular attention to the hair that ran down the back of the neck of the teacher.

"Alright Summer, I need you to lean forward and hold very still as I am going to work on the back of your hair. Your young master has a specific cut in mind and I cannot afford to make him mad and neither can you," Midge said to the writhing teacher.

As Summer leaned forward she felt the vibrations intensify from the egg. In the bent forward position, Summer's pussy was pushed down harder against the seat of the styling chair and her legs were forced open slightly.

A man walking by the store was captivated by the scene. He stopped with his bags of fishing gear that he had just purchased and stood to watch the stylist working on the head of the bent over woman. He noticed that the woman's left nipple hung suspended out of her top and that her red panties were quite visible. 

As the man watched, Midge finished chopping off almost seven inches of the teacher's brunette, highlighted hair. She believed that the length would meet with Todd's approval as the tip of her hair now only reached to the base of her neck. Midge could imagine the location of the MT tattoo and she believed that it would only be visible if Summer carelessly flipped her hair, if she were to wear it up in a bun or if she were made to wear it in a ponytail.

Midge leaned Summer back up straight and began to blow dry the teacher's now brightly highlighted hair. You could tell that she was a brunette, but just barely. Midge turned up the volume on the vibrating egg and whispered to Summer, "Slide your fingers up to your pussy and let's see if your pussy is wet."

"Please don't make me do that Midge. That guy is looking in the window and I don't want to perform for him," Summer begged.

Summer's statement was met with a slight tug of her hair by the stylist. Summer's hands had been in her lap as she had tried to achieve some modesty, but with such a short skirt it was impossible to hide her panties from public view. Summer felt the vibrating egg begin to increase and then decrease in its intensity. Summer's body was reacting to each change in intensity with either a call for more intensity or craving the intensity to return. Summer was approaching the point of no return as her body was being edged closer and closer to orgasm. Her mind was telling her that it was wrong and to stop, but the walls of her pussy as well as her erect clit told her otherwise. 

Summer slowly spread her legs ever so slightly, and almost unnoticed ran the fingers of her right hand up to the front of her panties. "Touch your crotch Summer, Todd wants to know if you are wet," came Midge's instructions.

Summer suddenly felt something being attached to her left nipple. She did not realize that the nipple had worked its way out of her top. Summer looked down and she saw that Midge had attached a large hair clip to her nipple and it was causing the nipple to be pulled downwards as is was attached to her nipple behind the piercing. The man outside noticed the stylist's move and watched intently as the big hair clip closed shut around the base of the customer's nipple.

Summer looked up from her nipple and out the window. Her eyes met those of the man with the shopping bags. She looked at him as he watched her fingers trace the crotch of her panties. To be able to reach her crotch, Summer of course had to spread her legs and slide forward in the chair. This action, caused her skirt to rise even further up her body and the hem of the skirt was now even with her pussy. Summer continued to look in the man's eyes as her fingers found the slit of her pussy. She felt the vibration of the egg become steady and hard. Midge reached down and with her middle finger, she flicked the end of the hair clip with caused it to pull harshly on Summer's nipple.

"Are you wet Summer," Midge asked.

"Yes Midge I am wet," came the teacher's reply.

"Let me see your finger Summer," Midge said.

Without further instructions, Summer pulled her fingers away from her panties and raised them up so that Midge could see her juices on her fingers. The man outside noticed what Summer was doing and also saw that Summer did not attempt to close her legs which gave him a direct view of her panty covered pussy and he could just make out what he thought was a ring piercing peeking out of the material of the sheer thong material.

"Ok Summer spread your legs further, put your fingers back on your clit and give that man a show," Midge ordered as she lowered the back of the styling chair lining summer's exposed panties directly in a line to the man standing outside looking through the window.

Summer hesitated, Midge leaned down, grabbed the hair clip and turned it ever so slightly pulling the nipple as it was twisted. Midge did not stop turning the clip until she saw Summer's hand slid between her legs. The fingers of Summer's right hand found her erect clit poking against the thin material of the crotch of her thong. Her body reacted immediately to the stimulation of her nipple being tortured by the stylist, her fingers on her clit, the vibrating egg stimulating her body and the eyes of the stranger looking in the window. The egg jumped to its highest intensity, Midge twisted the hair clip more strongly and Summer's fingers began to rub her clit in earnest. "Open your eyes and look at him Summer," Midge whispered.

Midge put her free hand on Summer's cheek and pushed her ever so slightly towards the man's eyes. Summer watched as her eyes met his and then she watched as the man lowered his eyes to see her hand manipulating her clit. The vibrating egg in her pussy was pushing Summer ever closer to the orgasm her body craved. Summer stared straight ahead as Midge manipulated her into a humiliating show of exhibitionism as she rubbed her clit and continued to spread her legs wider with each manipulation of her clit.

The man's eyes were staring directly at Summer's fingers as they stroked her clit feverishly. Summer pushed back against the styling chair, pressed her knees outward until they found the edges of the chair's upholstery and her body erupted in orgasm. She tried to conceal the squeals that were slipping out of her mouth, but to no avail. Several customers turned their heads to see Midge leaning over her client with her mini skirt pulled up as her hand played with her pussy as it pressed up against the back of the chair. Summer's whole body shook as the orgasm rocked it while being watched by the complete stranger.

As Summer's body calmed down, the vibration of the egg also started to slow until it went motionless. Summer removed her fingers from her panties, pulled her skirt down as best she could and then reached up to take the hair clip off of her nipple. Summer pulled the white tube top back in place knowing that her erect nipples were clearly visible.

"That was some show Summer. Maybe one day I will get you all to myself with Todd's approval," Midge cooed.

Summer shivered at the thought of serving Midge. She had felt her hot body pressing against her as well as the chair while she forced Summer to stroke her clit. Summer wondered if Midge came at the same time as she did.

"Alright Summer. Are you ready to see your new style," Midge asked.

"Not really Midge. I am afraid of what I might see," Summer replied.

With that, Midge released the brake on the chair, raised the chair back to the upright position and slowly turned Summer to face the big mirror of her station. The man on the outside gave one final look and then walked away frustrated with the hard-on that pressed against the front of his pants. He was sure that he had seen the woman in the styling chair before, but he could not place her.

Summer did not want to look. She knew that her long tresses were gone and she knew that her husband was going to be terribly disappointed. He had always wanted Summer to grow her hair long and she had been working on this length for several years. Now, in a moment of time, her hair style had been changed by her young master. Summer's eyes welled up in tears. The view in the mirror was one of a stranger.

Her hair no longer cascaded over her shoulders and down her back. Gone were the slight natural curls of her brunette hair replaced by a jagged cute that looked like the style of the young women she had seen on the news who had been caught walking the streets. The highlights only made her hair look that much more out of line for a style of a woman her age. Summer noticed that only just little bits of her hair touched her shoulders and the back of her neck. She had always liked the feeling of full coverage of her neck and shoulders by her brunette locks because it gave her a feeling of conservative appearance. But now, they were gone replaced by a style that she felt like it belonged on the streets!

"Don't worry Summer. Your new style meets the desires of your young master, so you should be happy that you are pleasing him. Here, take this controller, my invoice and make your way to the front desk. You are to pay the invoice, please pay Melanie's also. Once done, you are to then walk down the street to Meehan's and sit at the bar. Once you are in Meehan's you are to order an Irish whiskey and a draft beer. Sit there patiently until your master joins you. You are not allowed to drink your drinks until your master tells you to do so," the stylist said.

With that, Summer was pulled out of the chair and nudged by Midge's palm towards the front area of the store. Summer felt every eye on her. She glanced to her side and saw the full profile of her outfit as well as her new hairstyle. She almost did not recognize herself. At that moment, Summer realized the full extent of her submission and the humiliation at being displayed only caused her pussy to continue to moisten.

Summer walked unsteadily to the front desk. The heels were difficult for her to walk in anyways, but with the tight fitting, short skirt stretched across her thighs, Summer was only able to make short clicking steps across the salon's floor.

When Summer reached the front desk, she noticed that the lobby was full of customers. She could see how they each looked at her and Summer could see the look of disgust from the older customers. The younger customers were staring at Summer's breasts as her nipples continued to try and poke holes in the thin material of the white tube top.

Summer was handed the final tally and she was shocked. Not only had she been charged with color, cut and styling, but she also had to pay for Melanie Hart's hair treatment, coloring, styling and cut. Her total for the day was over $400. She was being made to pay for her humiliating style as well as the styling of one of her students. Her young master must know that this was potentially a big problem for Summer if the school found out about her paying for the student. Then Summer wondered if Melanie's mother, Sandra Wilson, would become problematic.

As the credit card machine spit out the receipt, Summer leaned forward on the counter to sign the form. Summer was not really paying attention, but by leaning onto the counter, the hem of her skirt was being raised up to almost the cheeks of her ass. One of the young girls pretended to accidently drop her purse and while bending over to retrieve it got a great view of Summer's ass cheeks. The teenage girl was able to see the thin strip of sheer red material that ran in between the teacher's cheeks. Summer turned to exit the salon and she saw the young girl whispering none too quietly to her friend and they both giggled.

Summer was relieved to be out of the salon. But, she saw that Meehan's was on the other side of the center, which meant that she would have to walk by the golf shop and fishing gear store. The tall open toed, ankle strapped stripper heels would not allow her to walk at a brisk pace. The tight skirt prevented Summer from taking long strides due to its short length and tight fitting around her upper thighs. Summer prayed that she could keep her balance and not fall flat on her face on the side walk where the whole world could see her exposed ass.

Summer walked every so gingerly across the parking lot of the center. She did not want to be jostled by the patrons on the sidewalks as they looked in the windows of the shops. With each step, the egg buried deep in her pussy felt like it was going to slip out. This made Summer close her thighs tightly together and attempt to grip the egg with the slippery walls of her pussy. These actions caused Summer to sway her hips almost lewdly to accomplish the effort of keeping the egg inside her dripping wet pussy. Also, Summer did not want to be seen by all the men who were the two sporting goods stores.

She finally made to Meehan's without an incident. Summer walked straight to the bar and took one of the stools that was farthest from the front door. Summer sat with her back to the door. Sitting was quite an effort because the skirt rode up several inches as she hiked herself up on the stool and Summer could feel the cool of the wood seat on the back of her legs as well as the bottom of her ass cheeks.



As required, Summer ordered an Irish whiskey and a small draft beer from the female bartender. Summer situated both glasses in front of her and casually looked around the bar. She did not see any familiar faces which gave Summer a great deal of relief. Summer sat on the barstool rehashing the events of the past ten days.

It was Thursday a week ago when she sent the picture of her face in response to an inquiry she had made at one of those lonely housewives sites. She had meant to send a picture of her fucking a black dildo into her pussy without her face, but her hand had slipped and she attached the wrong picture. The email found its way into the hands of one of her students and she had been under his direction ever since. She had never dreamed that she could be blackmailed, but the young man, her student, was quite demanding. Summer found herself falling further and further under his control as well as deeper into trouble. Her young master had her nipples and pussy lips pierced only last weekend.

Now this weekend was started with a re-styling of her hair after she had experienced her first gang bang while secured to her young master's sex contraption last night at the school during the second half of the football game. Her pussy was becoming wetter as she thought about the sexual things she had experienced as well as the humiliating things her young master was forcing her to do. Summer could feel her body reacting to the thoughts she was having and she shook her head to try and clear her head.

"Nice hairdo if I do say so myself," came the voice that she did not recognize.

Summer turned slightly away from the bar and came face-to-face with the man who had watched her achieve her orgasm as she sat in the styling chair as Midge manipulated her. Summer did not know what else to say but, "Thank you."

The man did not bother to ask for her approval as he sat on the stool directly in front of her. She could not really tell him that she was waiting on someone because she did not know what her young master's plans were for her at that moment.

"I hope you don't mind that I sit here, but I just wanted to get a good look at you because you put on quite a show just a few minutes ago," the stranger said to her.

"I am sorry that you saw that. I lost control and had been forced to drink too much wine before my styling session," Summer replied hoping the stretched truth worked.

"Oh, I see, you were made to sit there, flash your pussy and were directed to allow men to watch you rub your clit. Is that right," the stranger asked.

Summer was squirming on the bar stool. The man was pushing all the right buttons and she knew that he would continue to press her on the details of her submission. The man leaned forward and introduced himself, "I am Mike Roberts. I run a charter operation on the lake. Maybe you have heard of me," Mike said.

Summer tried not to let him know that she suddenly realized who he was. She and her husband James had rented a large power boat from this man during the summer before James left for Asia. It was their summer vacation so to speak as they had spent an entire week on the large area lake drifting from cove to cove finding intimate spots to spend the night out on the lake. Their power boat had a very nice cabin and she had made love the whole week with her husband, even finding time to skinny deep when no one was around.

"Well that sounds like a very good business to be in given you are so close to the lake," Summer said without trying to sound like she knew too much about the lake.

"I feel like I know you. Have you ever rented from my company? I lease large boats for weekday or weekend excursions," Mike said.

"No I am sorry, but I have not been out on the lake," Summer lied.

Mike edged closer to Summer and whispered, "I loved watching you rub your pussy. Did you enjoy looking at me while you did it?"

Summer tried to avoid eye contact now. She knew this man and more importantly, he knew her husband. "I am sorry, but I got carried away in the moment. Please don't think badly of me," Summer said to the boat owner.

"Oh my, I could not think badly of you. I just cannot imagine how that felt to be showing off your panties knowing that a man was watching you as you had that orgasm," Mike continued.

As he sat with Summer, Mike inched closer to the now newly styled woman. He looked from Summer's trimmed & highlighted locks, to her neck and to the tube top. His eyes focused on the protruding nipples and he could clearly see that each nipple was pierced. He looked back up into Summer's eyes and asked, "How long have you had your nipples pierced?"

Summer was becoming more and more uncomfortable by the minute. She was taken aback that the man had first witnessed her humiliation in the hair salon, but now he was in the bar sitting next to her staring at her nipples. Summer tried not to look at Mike and avoid the question, but she was brought back to reality when she felt his hands touching her shoulders softly when he asked, "Does your husband like the piercings?"

Summer was becoming more and more uncomfortable. She was being touched by a stranger while sitting on a bar stool in a place she had never been. She had been directed to go to the bar by the hair stylist and Summer knew that those had been her young master's instructions. Now, she was being touched by the man that she had so humiliatingly entertained with her orgasm through the front window of the salon.

"I have had them about a week," Summer finally answered, "But my husband does not know as he has been out of town."

The situation was becoming more and more uncomfortable as well as humiliating to the teacher. The bar was quite cold as it was obvious that the air conditioner worked quite well and it was making her nipples stand out even more than before. Now she was being touched by a new man in her life and she could not leave because she had been ordered to sit at the bar by her young master. Additionally, she had been told to order an Irish whiskey and a draft beer, but had not been told she could drink it. Summer so needed to drink the whiskey badly.

Mike moved even closer to the teacher as he kept up his soft massage of her shoulders. She seemed to be responsive to his touch, or at least not unwilling to accept his touch which meant to Mike that he could continue. He looked into Summer's eyes and said, "Does that feel good? I like touching the soft skin of a beautiful woman, and you are quite beautiful."

Summer did not know which way to turn. On the one hand, she was expecting her young master at any moment and did not know if he would be pissed off because she was seated with another man while he touched her. But, on the other hand, the man's touch was soothing and she could feel her body reacting positively to the unsolicited touch. Summer realized that once again another man was being able to do whatever he wanted to her and she was unable to resist, or more importantly, she did not want to resist.

"Yes your touch feels good, but Mike I am a married woman who just came in to have a quick drink before heading home," Summer said.

"Well, I don't believe you for a minute that you just came in for a drink. Anyone dressed the way you are is begging to be touched and talked to," Mike said.

"I am sorry if I have given you that impression, but I really am here for only a moment," Summer said less authoritatively, but as firm as she dared.

"Oh, don't apologize Mrs...? I don't even know your name, what is it?" Mike asked.

Summer knew now that she was going to be trapped if she gave him her full name. She had not been in this situation before and had no guidance from her young master as to what she could or should do.

"My name is Summer and it is nice to meet you," Summer said as she extended her hand to shake Mike's.

"Very nice to meet you Summer. What did you say your last name was?" Mike asked.

"Let's just keep it on a first name basis Mike," Summer responded.

"Well, have it that way Summer, but it would be nice to know your full name. I just know I have met you before," Mike replied.

As he sat with the teacher, Mike was searching his brain for where he had met the startlingly beautiful teacher. He knew that he had met her earlier this year, but could not for the life of him remember how or when. And, Mike wanted to know more about Summer after having seen exhibition in the salon window.

Mike looked down from Summer's eyes, passing a view of her still erect nipples and down to her legs. From the side, Mike could see the side straps of the teacher's red thong had slipped above the waistline of the spandex skirt. Mike saw that the hem was up to the top of Summer's thighs and he knew that it would only be minutes before he would once again get a good look of the woman's red panty covered pussy. So, Mike decided to step up the pressure on Summer in an effort to not only find out more about her, but also to get her more relaxed.

"Why aren't you drinking your whiskey and beer Summer," Mike asked.

Now Summer was in another compromising situation. She was seated at a bar with an Irish whiskey and draft beer in front of her. Yet, Summer knew that she was not allowed to drink either because she had not been instructed to do so. "No particular reason Mike. I was just sitting and enjoying the atmosphere I guess," Summer sheepishly replied.

"Drink down the whiskey Summer. I can see that you are a little chilled in the bar and it might warm you up," Mike said firmly, but with a sly grin.

Summer did not immediately get Mike's meaning until she saw him looking at her tube top. Summer followed his eyes down and saw that her pierced nipples were poking against the thin fabric of the top. She could see the outline of the barbell piercings so Summer was sure that not only could Mike see the piercings, she was pretty confident that he could see the outline of her nipples. Summer quickly brought her arms up to her chest and just smiled sheepishly at the boat salesman.

"Oh, don't go all shy on my Summer. I have been watching you for the past hour and a half as you sat in the salon window. Put your arms down by your side, pick up your whiskey and shoot it right now," Mike said more demandingly.

Summer once again did not know what to do. She had been instructed to order the Irish whiskey and draft beer by her young master, but he had told her when she could drink it. But, Summer's mind was reacting to the constant stares and now the words of the boat salesman. About that time, Summer felt like she was being rescued as her phone rang. She quickly retrieved the phone from her purse and saw that it was her young master calling. Now what was she to do? Should she answer as she was required and let Mike hear her address her young master. Or, did she answer the phone as she normally would and risk making the young master mad.

On the third ring Summer answered quietly, "Hello Master T."

"Slut, I am tied up at the moment and cannot get to Meehan's," came Todd's reply.

"What do you want me to do Sir," Summer replied in her lowest voice.

"Why are you whispering slut," Todd asked.

"Master T, I am sitting at the bar like you directed me, but there is someone sitting close and I am embarrassed that he might hear how I address you," Summer said.

"Do you know the man's name," Todd asked.

"Yes Master T, it is Mike Roberts," Summer responded.

Mike was watching the conversation and could make out portions of Summer's responses. He did hear quite clearly Master and Sir, which he found very interesting. He watched as Summer continued to whisper into her phone and Mike noted that Summer's nipples seemed to get harder as she talked.

"Do you have the remote control for your egg slut," Todd asked.

"Yes Master T, it is in my purse," Summer replied.

"Slut, hand your phone to Mike," Todd instructed.

"Please Master T, don't do that to me. I have done everything you have instructed me to do. Please do not humiliate me here with a stranger," Summer pleaded.

"Oh, but slut, you do know Mike don't you. I bet he does not remember you and your husband renting a boat from him this past summer. He hasn't recognized you yet, but I bet he would remember the very short shorts and tank top you wore the day you picked the boat up," Todd said.

"How do you know that Master T," Summer asked.

"Slut, when are you going to realize that I know everything about you? Now give him the goddamn phone like I told you or you will not like the consequences," Todd screamed into her ear.

"Mike, Master T would like to speak with you," Summer said in compliance with her instructions.

Summer watched as Mike carried on a conversation with her young master on her phone. Summer watched as Mike's eyes roamed her body with each sentence he exchanged with her young master. There was a pause and then Mike said, "Your Master T has told me to tell you to give me your remote control device."

Dejected and humiliated, Summer reached into her purse, pulled out the controller and handed Mike the remote control to the black egg that was buried deep in her pussy. Summer was sure that the juices of her pussy were fully coating the device and she prayed that it did not somehow slip out of her. Summer felt sure that her juices were pooling on the barstool as the more humiliated she became, the more turned on she was becoming.

"Your Master says to now drink your shot of whiskey and then chase it with the draft beer," Mike said.

Summer immediately, held the whiskey shot glass to her lips, tilted her head back and quickly downed the shot. The whiskey immediately burned her throat and she made the low coughing sound so often accompanied by that burning sensation you get when you do a shot. "Now, chase that shot by chugging your beer and make sure to let some of the beer run out of the corners of your mouth and onto your tits slut," Mike said.

That last instruction Mike had made on his own, but it was met with a "Right on," from Todd.

As Summer drew the cold mug to her lips, she watched as Mike fumbled with the remote control. As she tilted her head back and the beer began to flow into her mouth, Summer watched in agony as Mike's thumb found the power switch and the egg jumped to life in her pussy. "Drink up slut," Mike ordered.

As Summer started swallowing the cold beer, the vibrations in the egg increased in its intensity. The setting had to be nearly on the highest position as she held the mug to her lips and the last one third of the beer began to slide into her mouth into her throat. The sheer stimulation of the vibrating egg gave Mike his wish as beer spilled from both sides of Summer's mouth, ran down her face, over her chin and then dripped steadily onto her breasts. The cold beer gave additional stimulation to her nipples, which now felt to Summer like they would push through the thin material of the tube top very soon.

The beer that had escaped from her mouth was now running down her neck and into her cleavage. Summer shivered as the ice cold beer slowly dripped between her breasts and started running down her stomach where it started to make the upper waistband of her skirt wet.

Just as quickly as the glass of whiskey and beer were emptied, replacements quickly followed. Summer was instructed to drink them one right after the other. Summer could not gulp down all of the beer and her upper breasts were getting coated with cold beer which of course was hardening her nipples even more. The vibrating egg was also stimulating Summer to the point that she had to uncross her legs and press her pelvic bone downwards towards the seat of the bar stool.

Mike got the view that he had been anticipating as he watched Summer uncross her legs. He noticed that she spread her thighs slightly and had begun to bite her lower lip. Mike watched as Summer slowly rocked her ass against the seat of the stool in a slight fucking motion. Mike saw that Summer had locked the heels of her platform shoes against the support rung of the stool. Summer's hands were pressing downward on her thighs in the hope that it would help to keep her from screaming due to the vibrations of the egg.

"Summer, turn towards the bar, spread your legs and rock your pussy against the stool until you cum," Mike ordered, which Todd heard over Summer's phone. As Summer began to turn, she had to raise one of her feet over Mike's foot as he had placed it between her feet on the support rung. When Summer did this, Mike could make out the full length of the crotch of her panties.

As Summer turned and faced the bar, Mike handed her phone back to her. With his right hand, Mike slowly slipped it inside the waistband of Summer's black spandex skirt. He grasped the straps of Summer's thong and gently pulled it upwards so that the material of the crotch pressed deeper inside her pussy as well as pressing harshly against her ass hole.

Summer put the phone up to her ear and heard her young master say, "Ok slut, spread your legs wide and cum for me while I listen."

"Please Master T, not here in the bar," Summer begged.

Her plea was met with silence and she knew her fate was sealed. This new man in her life, who still did not know who she was, had run his hand inside the waistband of her skirt and had pulled the back strap of her red thong deep into her ass crack as well as deeper between her pussy lips. Summer spread her legs further as she had been instructed and she felt Mike's hand slide further down inside her skirt. Summer leaned forward as she felt Mike's fingers slip between her ass cheeks and he was able to slip his middle finger against her anus.

Summer felt the familiar effect that the probing finger as well as the vibrating egg was having on her body. She could feel the vibrations of the egg deep within her pussy and how it was causing a vibrating sensation on her clit because the crotch of her thong had been pulled so deeply between her pussy lips. Then Summer felt Mike's other hand start on her mid-thigh and he began to work it up towards her pussy. Mike's touch was electric on her skin as the vibrating egg, his finger on her anus, the palm of her right hand placed on the bar and hearing the voice of her young master in her ear was driving her towards the orgasm that she now needed as well as craved. Mike's middle finger finally found Summer's pussy and he concentrated on the erect clit as the teacher splayed open her legs affording Mike direct access to the teacher's soaking wet panty crotch.

The female bartender stood in front of Summer and watched as the teacher bit her bottom lip. The bartender noticed Summer's pierced nipples pushing against the thinning material of the white tube top. The bartender saw that beer had dribbled down her neck and onto the tube top making it more see through. The bartender watched as Summer's body began to rock and back and forth on the bar stool. She saw the man with his hands wrapped around the teacher's waist and could tell that he was rubbing the teacher's pussy.

Summer continued to wait until her young master allowed her to cum. Summer was being mauled in a public bar and she was fighting back against the manual manipulations of Mike's two hands as well as the black vibrating egg buried deep in her pussy. Now her public humiliation was being increased by the knowing gaze of the bartender.

"Please Master T let me cum," both Mike and the bartender heard the wanton teacher plead.

"Slut, I am not sure you really need to cum," was Summer's young master's reply.

"Please Master T. I need to cum badly," Summer pleaded.

Mike increased his assault on Summer's asshole and finally was able to wiggle his middle finger inside the teacher's ass. He was able to insert his finger just past the middle knuckle of his right hand. Mike then pressed harder against the thin material of the teacher's red thong which was pressed firmly against Summer's clit. Mike began to rub more rapidly up and down on the clit and he could feel it's hardness as he rubbed. The bartender continued to stare into Summer's eyes when she asked, "Do you need to cum?"


Summer bit her lip and once again pleaded with her young master, "Master T, PLEASE allow me to cum."

"Ok slut, you may come was the simple response," Summer heard through her phone.

Summer's body was wracked by the intensity of the orgasm. Her bright red fingernails of her hand tightly gripped the phone as it was pressed against her ear and her other hand was pressed tightly into the top of the bar. Summer's legs were spread wide and Mike's fingers were continuing to manipulate her clit as well as poking further into her anal passageway. Summer's humiliation at the hands of strangers and the instructions of her young master had put her over the top to enjoy the immediate release right at the bar.

Next, Summer is taken to an adult theater and is prepped for the tattoos as well as additional piercings she will receive on Sunday at Marcos' salon...she had no clue that she would be permanently marked as Todd's slut on Sunday. Thanks to everyone who continues to read my Summer story. I am sorry that I am unable to post quickly, but I am delving deeply into her submission and each chapter takes her further. Keep those comments and suggestions coming.




