Summer's Blackmail Ch. 02
bywilcox010©
Summer Wayne is a 40-year old wife, mother and high school English teacher. Summer was recently been introduced to group sex by her husband and she has begun to feel desires and needs that she had never experienced before. Summer had even written an ad and placed it on a Wives Who Need Sex site, just to see what that world was all about. She had had some responses, but last night she had had a response from someone, writing as Master T, who had insulted her. She had written back to him and told him as much in an email in which she told him he was insulting, had forwarded an alluring picture that hid her face, but showed off her other features just to let the prick know what he would be missing.

It was Friday morning, the end of the school week and Summer was looking forward to a weekend alone as her husband was still in Asia and her two college age children were at school. Today, she was assigning her students in her four classes an essay project on a favorite writer of hers on a book that had been required reading for the first semester of the year. Summer's students were not going to be happy as they would be writing a minimum1,000 word essay, which was going to count 20% of their grades for the year. The essay would be due in one week and there would be no extensions or an agreement to accept a late submission. Summer always did this for each class, surprise them in the first semester and make it count 20%. The assignment would take her about 7 days to grade and she felt like it was time for her students to understand that English was important and sometimes it was hard work. But in the end, Summer found that giving her students a hard assignment early in the year helped with the expectations she had for the end of the year progress.

As Summer stepped into the shower, she was remembering her bath experience from the night before and her hands began to gently massage her breasts specifically concentrating on her nipples. Summer began to slowly twist and squeeze her half dollar sized nipples as she felt stirrings in her pussy. As she felt the hot water running over her body, a hand slowly made its way over her fluffy mound of pubic hair as it reached her now erect clit. Her middle finger found the most sensitive portion of the clit and began to circle the nub until she could feel herself edging closer to the orgasm that she now craved each morning to get her day off to a great start. As Summer's hands worked her nipples and clit, she started remembering the hands of the two men her husband James had arranged to meet them on their weekend get away and how they had stroked her legs under her skirt in the bar. She began pulling her nipples harder and rubbing her clit faster as she felt herself ready to explode. Summer screamed in ecstasy as her body quivered under the strain of the orgasm and to prevent herself from collapsing in the shower, Summer had to grab the towel rack until the last remnants of her orgasm subsided.

As Summer lightly padded her body dry, she caught the water shimmering from her pussy mound (she had a nice fluffy mound) and thought back to all the times her husband wanted her to shave it. Summer had resisted as she felt like it was too private and the hair was there for a purpose. She believed only sluts and low life's would shave their pussy mounds. She thought it looked very feminine and always politely refused James' request for her to shave her hair away. As Summer sat down to do her make up, her cell phone rang. It was Lisa her best friend calling to remind Summer that she was supposed to meet her for drinks later that evening around 6:00 PM at their favorite margarita bar. Damn, Summer thought to herself as she would not have time to come back home to change clothes today before going out with Lisa because she had an afternoon department meeting and could not miss it.

After finishing her make-up, Summer walked into her closet to select her clothes for the day. She first selected a pink bra and panty set. The bra was quite sheer, but it did provide some coverage for her nipples, but it was flimsy and if she got cold, her nipples tended to stick out a bit. Summer had found that stiff nipples helped get a drink or two bought for her and Lisa sometimes when they were out together. Next Summer selected a light beige blouse, a matching beige skirt that fell just above her knees that buttoned up the front, then wide lace topped nude thigh hi's and her two inch school heels. After dressing, Summer gave herself one more look see, straightened the buttons on her skirt, picked up her school bags and headed off to school in her convertible BMW.

Summer's day was fairly busy and the moans as well as the groans from her senior English students were prevalent all day. The biggest complaints came from the football and basketball players. The high school was located in a hotbed of athletes and her English course had been a stumbling block for several players in the past. One particular player had failed her class and he had lost his football scholarship to the state university and had been relegated to a smaller school for two years. He had promised to pay her back one day. One of her most troubling students was Todd Spillers. He had great potential, but did not apply his abilities to her course. Todd had always been sort of an enigma to Summer because she felt that he was not reachable for some reason. During her final teaching class period, Summer needed to run to the front office for some supplies and said, "Mr. Spillers, would you please be responsible for the class's deportment for the next 10 minutes?" To which Todd replied, "I will be happy to Ms. Wayne."

As the end of the period arrived, Summer was not back from the office. The class filed out of Ms. Wayne's class room, but Todd remained behind. He had noticed that Ms. Wayne had left her cell phone on her desk and he had a quick thought. When the last of the students had left the class room, Todd took his iphone out of his back pack, took his UBS flash drive and was able to down load all of Ms. Wayne's contacts from her phone's address book. He had just returned the phone to Summer's desk when she walked back into the room. Todd thought to himself that she was stunning and he could not wait to make her his. But, he had to be patient and make sure that he had enough to hold over her head to ensure her compliance with his demands as well as his desires. 

At lunch time, Summer's day was basically over. For this semester, her class rotation was four classes in the morning, two hours of planning time and one 45 minute study hall session. As she was preparing to eat her sandwich for lunch, her phone buzzed indicating that she had received a text message. She did not recognize the number and there was no name in the "from" portion of the message. Summer clicked on the message and was stunned to read, "Slut, I cannot believe that you think that you can dump me so quickly without giving me the opportunity to determine whether or not you are worthy of me. But, I do appreciate the wonderful picture that you sent to me of you on the bathroom counter fucking yourself with that large, black vibrator. I bet your husband really enjoyed that show. Tell me slut, does your pussy quiver when you think of that picture?" The text was signed, Master T.

Summer, her hands shaking uncontrollably, could not believe what she was reading. How could anyone have this number? Her phone was never out of her pocket book at school, she almost never gave the number out and the only people who did have it were very good friends of hers. But the reference to the picture on the bathroom counter, made her pause for a moment. She had not sent that picture to anyone. Summer wondered if this was a joke that her husband was playing on her as he was the only person that knew of the picture taken from that weekend in the city. Summer sent a text back to the sender, "I do not know anyone with Master T as a name. And, I for sure have not sent anyone a picture of me like the one you have described. So, James, call me and stop playing with me from overseas". Summer signed it, Teach 101.

Todd smiled as he read his teacher's response. She had no way of knowing that he had been Master T and that he was in possession of the picture that clearly depicted her feeling the final effects of a mind blowing orgasm on that bathroom counter. Todd wrote back to her, "Ms. Wayne, I do indeed have a picture of you and I am attaching it to this message so that you will see the predicament in which you are in now." Signed, Master T.

Summer jumped when the phone buzzed again. It had to be after midnight in Asia and James should be asleep by now. Her face went completely pale and sweat started forming around her lips and on her fore head as she read the message and then clicked on the attachment. "Oh my god!" was all Summer could utter as she could plainly see her face, the black vibrator deep into her mound of pussy hair and her nipple being pulled and twisted by her free hand. She could see that the picture was right as she was cumming and she cursed James for ever taking that picture.

When she composed herself, Summer wrote back to the sender, "I do not know who you are and how you were able to get such a picture of me. I do not appreciate you sending it out over the wireless lines as it may fall into the hands of someone who knows me. How can I get that picture back from you?" Teach 101

Summer Wayne sat at her desk looking for an immediate reply to the most recent text to her unknown sender. But, she did not receive a message for almost thirty minutes. While she waited, Summer could not help but wonder who in the world had that picture, how did they get it and what was it going to cost her to get it back. Her palms were sweating, her heart was beating a hundred times a minute and her breasts were rising and falling to the rhythm of her excited breathing. Then her phone buzzed, "Slut, you indeed did send the picture to me last night. I found it very interesting that you would send such a picture to someone that you were telling to fuck off. Now, what do I do with you slut? I think you are going to have to work really hard to keep me from sending the picture to the webmaster at your school to be posted on-line for all of the children and parents to see. That would fix you slut! You should have thought wisely before sending out such a provocative picture not knowing who you were really writing to. Now slut, it is my good fortune to have it and to be able to make you pay me for its return." Master T

Summer quickly texted back to the sender, "You cannot expect me to pay you money for a picture. I am not a rich woman and neither is my husband. We are just an average couple struggling to meet our financial obligations. Also, you cannot possibly think that it is reasonable to send the picture to be posted on a school website. I would be ruined and would risk losing everything my husband and I have worked so hard to attain. Can we work out a reasonable compensation for the return of the picture?" Summer signed it Teach 101.

Todd could not believe how well this was working. In the matter of only thirty minutes or so, Ms. Wayne was already offering some sort of payment for the return of the picture. He thought to himself, that she must think that I am a moron or something. How could she believe that anyone would return the only copy of such an erotic picture? Well, lets see how badly she wants it back. Todd then wrote, "Slut, I am a considerate man and think that a fair compensation could be reached. But, it appears to me from the tone of your text messages as well as with the tone in your final message last night that you believe that you have the upper hand in these negotiations. It could not be further from the truth. So let's get this straight, from this point forward, your messages to me will start with Dear Master T and end with Your Slut Summer." Todd sent reply and waited for his slut's response.

Summer's face went pale again. She was now faced with someone who was not going to be easy to deal with, who did have the upper hand and was now telling her how to address him as well as changing her response to Your Slut Summer. She thought to herself and decided a more strongly worded text was appropriate, "Please stop with this unreasonable demand for payment to get a picture, my picture returned to me." Teach 101.

Now Todd thought to himself, I have her now. He sent back a quick and direct response, "Slut your non-compliance with my first demand will cost you dearly. Below you will find your husband's phone number. As I understand, he is traveling in Asia and a new text message to him detailing your profile on the Wives Who Need Sex website along with your picture, may get him to come home sooner to you." Master T

Oh my god Summer said out loud. She looked up to make sure that her classroom door was closed because she felt sure that if anyone walking by her room would have heard her outburst. Fortunately, her door was closed and the decorations on the door prevented anyone from seeing into her classroom. Summer realized that she indeed did not have the upper hand and that she would need to do anything she could to keep that picture from reaching her husband as well as the school's webmaster.

Summer texted back, "Master T, I am sorry for not responding properly to you. I am just not thinking clearly so please give me another chance to find a way to compensate you for the return of my picture." Summer ended the text as was required, Your Slut Summer and hit send.

Todd had her now and he knew that he had to work quickly before Summer's free time ended and study hall began. So, he wrote back to Summer, "Slut, I will give you one more chance, but if you screw up, you can just kiss your career and marriage goodbye. Because, I will not only forward the picture to your husband, but I will also send it to your two sons. Do you agree to do what I ask for the return of your picture?" Master T.

Todd did not have to wait long as Summer responded immediately, "Dear Master T, I am willing to do as you ask for the return of that picture." Your Slut Summer. To which Todd wrote back,"Slut, take off your blouse and skirt, sit on your desk and take a picture of you in this position so that I can be sure you will do what I demand of you for the return of that picture." Master T.

Summer was shocked to receive the new message from her tormentor. How could she take such a picture? She looked at her phone and read the parameters for use of the delay device in taking pictures. She quickly locked her door, unbuttoned her blouse & skirt, and removed them both, set the phone on her teaching stool and tried to hide her face as the picture was flashed. She looked at the picture and she was pleased that her face was not recognizable and she sent it along with another message, "Dear Master T, please find the picture as you requested. Does this prove that I will meet your demand for the return of the picture?" Your Slut Summer. 

When Todd received the text, he was both turned on and pissed off. He wanted the picture to show the slut's face as well as her breasts and panties. He fired off another message, "Slut, you have disappointed me for the last time. I did not tell you to hide your face. For this transgression you are to remove you bra and retake the picture making sure your face is very visible." Master T.

Summer was stunned by the latest demand. She had hurriedly dressed and unlocked her classroom door. Now she was being forced to undress again, take off her bra this time and then take another picture. Summer felt like she had no other choice because whoever this was, he could send the damning picture to her husband and children. She realized she had no choice as she rose from her desk, re-locked the door, took off her blouse & skirt, reached behind and unhooked her bra. Her full breasts felt the cool classroom air and her nipples immediately began to harden and she felt a little moisture forming in the crotch of her pink panties. Summer was surprised at her bodies' reaction to the forced stripping and the taking of an alluring picture in her classroom.. Summer placed the camera phone back on the stool, got back up on her desk and counted down from five as the camera then flashed and she had made sure her face was clearly visible. She quickly redressed and sent the picture along with a short text message to Master T.

Todd almost yelled which would have given away his hiding place in the boy's locker room. He had taken several cheerleaders down to his own private fuck room. Summer's message included the picture along with her response, "Dear Master T, I hope the attached picture indicates to you that I am willing to meet whatever demand you have for me for the return of the picture. As I am a school teacher, I have very little time to meet any demand you have due to my classroom responsibilities this afternoon so I have gotten re-dressed. Can we arrange another time to complete negotiations on my payment to you?" Your Slut Summer.

Todd wrote back to Summer, "Slut your picture and your attitude do make me feel better. However, I am disappointed that you put your clothes back without my permission. I know where you work and I am very familiar with the faculty parking lot. So, for your most recent transgression, immediately after school, you are to go out to your car, take your panties off, place them on the seat beside you and wait for the first person to come up to your car. I will be there watching and you will talk to whomever comes up to you and you will not remove your panties from the car seat. Failure to complete this task will lead to your downfall." Master T.

Summer almost fainted at the new text message. This is going to far and it has to stop. She immediately sent a reply back to, "Dear Master T, please do not make me do that." Your Slut Summer. But, Summer did not get a response back and she became concerned that she may have caused her tormentor to send the picture and text messages to her husband. She could not focus the rest of the day as she struggled with the emotions boiling up inside her. Something about being made to take those pictures had caused her pussy to become slightly wet. She could not believe that this type of degradation was turning her on slightly. During her study hall period, she mindless wandered her room making changes to the bulletin board, writing the next day's assignment on the chalk board and was not paying attention to her skirt as it rode up her legs. The boys in her room could not take their eyes off of the back of Ms. Wayne's legs. It was very easy for them to see the tops of her hose and each shifted in his desk trying to hide the obvious signs of a youthful hard on. The department meeting ran on and on. She was not paying attention at all as she was focused on how to get to her car and take her panties off while seated in the faculty parking lot. The school principal, Mr. Harding was running the meeting and noticed the far away look on Ms. Wayne's face. He edged around the room and was pleasantly surprised to see her skirt having gaped open a bit so that he was able to see just a glimpse of lace at the top of what looked like thigh hi's. Man, this English teacher is very sexy....will have to keep my eyes on her Harding quietly said to himself.

After the department meeting had adjourned, Summer went back to her room to pack up her things. She sat down at her desk and re-read the last text message from her tormentor. As the final bell rang, Summer jumped out of her desk chair, reached up, rolled her panties down over her ass, removed them from around her ankles and placed them in her purse. She hurried out to her car, placed the pink panties on the seat beside her and pretended to be reading papers while all the time she looked around to see if she could spot her tormentor. Her phone buzzed again with a new message, "Slut, I told you to take your panties off in the car. Now you will pay!"





No Master T, "I am sorry, please don't be mad. I made a mistake, but I was concerned who might see me take them off here in the parking lot. I promise to comply." Your Slut Summer.

The next message read, "Slut, let the top down on your car, unbutton the top two buttons on that beige blouse of yours, unbutton all but the top button on your beige skirt and make sure the tops of your beige hose are completely visible. I see someone approaching; make sure he can see your pussy!" Master T.

Oh god, it was Todd Spillers approaching her car. What a sight she was going to be for him. She started to cover up, but she remembered that Master T was watching and she could not afford for that picture to be sent out. As Todd got to her car, Summer lowered the papers so that her breasts were visible and so that if he looked he would be able to see her mound of pussy hair. Then she remembered that her panties were also in plain sight. How could she explain that to a student she thought? But, she ran out of time as Todd approached saying, "Ms. Wayne I need to talk to you about the new assignment." Then she saw that he was looking directly down her blouse and could see the top of her bra that barely covered her nipples, which were sticking straight out against the material of the bra and blouse.

What can I help you with Todd? She could not look up at Todd because of the embarrassment of her situation and the fact that he was one of her underperforming students. Summer felt a different feeling than she had ever had before. She was feeling wetness forming in her pussy, but she could not understand why. Todd then said, "Boy Ms. Wayne are you out here getting some sun? Your legs are beautiful, but I do not understand why there are panties on the seat next to you." Summer responded by saying that she had found the panties in the lot on the way out to her car and that she was just about to leave when he walked up. Summer then asked, "What is it that you need to speak with me about Todd? To which Todd said, "Oh, I forgot what I wanted to ask you Ms. Wayne. You look so sexy sitting there that I completely forgot my question. But I would like to know where you are going dressed so sexy?"

Summer was getting aggravated by his probing eyes and the insinuations of his questions, so she turned the ignition of her car when Todd said, "Ms. Wayne, would it be possible for you to drive me to my car?" Summer, showing her frustration with the situation and the unpleasantness of Todd's continuing gazes at her legs, breasts and probably the mound above her pussy said, "I do not think it is right to give students rides as it would not appear to be appropriate." Todd, looking down at Ms. Wayne's pussy said, "Ms. Wayne, I think you do want to give me a ride. Why else are you showing me your hairy pussy? Wait right here for me to come back. My car is not to far away." Summer, was taken aback by Todd's direct words to her and she said, "Todd you should not talk to me that way. I am your teacher and you should give me more respect!"

"Ms. Wayne, you are obviously enjoying me looking at you as I can tell that you are turned on because I can see a little moisture between your legs. And, by the way, I know those panties are yours!" Todd's words caught Summer off guard as she did not know that anyone could actually see her moisture and the fact that her pussy hair covered her mound made it erotic to her for some reason. She attempted to pull her skirt back together, but Todd said, "Ms. Wayne, you should leave your skirt open, as I really like what I am seeing and it is turning me on to look at you. You are a very sexy woman and I cannot believe that I am lucky enough to have such a sexy woman as a teacher." Then Todd almost ordering Summer, stay right here while I go and get my back pack from my locker. I want you to drive me to my car."

With that Todd walked away not even allowing Summer to respond. Summer could not believe that she had not put her car in gear and just driven away. For some very strange reason, she was unable to move. Right then, Summer's phone buzzed again. "Fuck, it is him again," Summer uttered as she picked up her phone to retrieve the latest text from her tormentor. "Slut, why did you send that poor boy off with what I bet was a raging hard on?" Summer texted back, "Master T, he went back to get his book bag. He has asked me to take him to his car, but I do not think that that is right as he is one of my students." Summer signed the text as required, Your Slut Summer.

From the doorway to the locker room, Todd texted back to Summer, "Slut, you are to take him to his car, you are to keep your skirt unbuttoned and spread open to make sure he can see that hairy pussy of yours and if he is so inclined, you are to allow him to access your body while he is in your car." Master T. "Master T, please do not make me do that. He is a student that is not performing very well in my class and I do not want to give him the wrong impression, Your Slut Summer." Todd simply wrote back, "Slut do as you are instructed by me and do anything that student wants to do to you. If you don't, you career will be over before you finish dinner with Lisa tonight. Yes that is right, I know your schedule! So, DO NOT DISAPPOINT ME SLUT!" Master T.

Summer was just finishing reading the last text as Todd was just walking up to her car. Summer hastily pulled her skirt open making sure that her pussy mound was very visible. As Todd got into the passenger seat beside her, she reached over to grab her pink panties, but Todd beat her to them. Todd then said, "Ms. Wayne do you know how I know these are yours? I saw them as you flashed the class today. I am guessing you did that on purpose as you were very overt in re-crossing your legs as well as bending over your desk. Were you trying to turn your students on? You can be honest with me Summer." 

Of course, Summer was not thrilled to be called by her first name and said to Todd, "Please call me Ms. Wayne. It is disrespectful to use my first name because you are my student. I did not intentionally flash my panties in the classroom either." Todd then pointed out to Summer that she was now flashing him her pussy mound and he wanted to know why. To that end, Todd, placed his hand on Summer's thigh and when he did not meet with any resistance, he slowly moved it up her leg until he reached the tops of her hose. Then he said to Summer, "Do you want me to move my hand higher up and touch your wet pussy?" When Summer did not reply, Todd asked her again, "Summer, do you want me to move my hand further up your leg and stroke your pussy? Answer me now."

His tone of voice startled Summer and also caused her to shiver slightly because of the confident, demanding way in which this high school student was talking to her. Todd's hand was having a strong effect on her inhibitions right now. She slowly spread her legs and told Todd to please touch her. Todd then said, "Summer, tell me what you want me to do to you." When Todd did not move his hand, Summer pleaded with Todd, "Please touch me." Todd said, "Summer, where do you want me to touch you?" Summer gave in and said, "Todd, please touch my pussy!" Todd leaned in and told Summer to pull up her skirt and spread her legs. Summer had to raise her ass off of the seat, but was able to bring the hem of her skirt up to her waist and she spread her legs as far as she could. Slowly, Todd moved his hand up Summer's leg until he felt the hair of her pussy mound where he made a mental note to make her shave at some point. His fingers found Summer's slit and he was very excited to find that she was dripping wet. Todd thought that she must be horny all the time to be so wet.

Todd slowly rubbed the full length of his new found slut's pussy lips. He paused when he reached the very top and his finger rested on Summer's clit. He heard a faint moan and then he started a rhythmic circular motion on Summer's clit. He felt Summer's groin rise up and down to meet his fingers as he stimulated her clit. As he continued to rub Summer's clit, he moved his free hand up to her right breast touching it on the outside of her beige blouse. Todd felt the nub of Summer's nipple poking through her thin, sheer bra against the blouse. He was able to pinch the nipple between his thumb and index finger. Todd rolled the nipple between his fingers as he increased the pressure on Summer's clit. Todd was able to slip his middle finger into Summer's wet hole and then he pushed in another. Summer began to pump her pussy against Todd's fingers as the first throes of an orgasm began to slip over her body. Todd kept his fingers in Summer's pussy as he reached for the camera in his shirt pocket. His camera was a state of the art version and made an almost inaudible sound as it fast clicked pictures. He was able to get a full shot of Summer with her eyes closed, mouth gaped open in orgasm and her skirt bunched up around her waist. Todd was able to get a couple more shots before Summer finally opened her eyes. Todd then leaned in and kissed his sexy teacher full on her mouth forcing his tongue deep into her mouth. Summer hungrily sucked Todd's tongue as she continued to pump her pussy against his hand. Todd easily slipped a third finger into the slut's sopping wet pussy and he felt her orgasm begin to rise. Suddenly, Summer sucked Todd's tongue deeper into her mouth as her pussy erupted around his fingers.

Summer finally came down from her two-orgasm high and realized where she was and with whom she was kissing. She tried to push Todd away, but he only tightened his grasp on breast and in her pussy. Summer squirmed and was finally able to get Todd's fingers disengaged from her pussy getting some control over the situation. She then said, "Todd, I have to leave as I am supposed to meet a friend of mine. Can I please take you to your car?" Todd, said, "Ok Summer, but only if you let me take a picture of those beautiful breasts of yours." Summer, was shocked and said, "Absolutely not Todd. You are my student and I cannot have you taking pictures of me like that." 

Todd replied, "Well my sweet Summer, then I guess I will have to tell my parents about how you seduced me here in your car at the school today. How you forced my hand up your skirt and made me to rub your pussy right in the school parking lot. I am sure my father would be on the phone immediately with our principal Mr. Harding." Todd started to open his door to get out, when Summer pleaded, "Todd please don't do that. Let's drive to your car. I will do as you wish when we get there. Ok?" Todd did not want to press too hard on the first session so he agreed and told Summer where his car was.

When they got to the student lot, Summer saw that Todd's car was actually a bicycle. He laughed to himself as he told her that instead of a car, he got a computer from his parents. The bike was his only mode of transportation and Todd then went through the family decision to hold off on a car until he got his football scholarship and how that was being impacted by her English course. Todd told Summer that he felt she was too critical of his work, was making him an example and that he did not appreciate that fact. To which Summer replied, "Todd your grades are fair and you have earned those marks based on your efforts. I cannot, will not do favors for anyone especially athletes because I do not want to be viewed as favoring athletes."

Well Summer, after today, I am afraid you are going to have no other choice but to help me out whenever I demand it from you. I think that the way you have taken advantage of me, one of your students, will cause you to change your approach to at least my grades. As a matter of fact, I do not think that I should have to do the new assignment for the paper you gave to everyone today. Summer, shaking, said, "Todd, if you think I am going to go easy on you, then you should think again. You will get the grade you earn and deserve without any favorable treatment from me." Todd looked Summer directly into her eyes and said, "Slut, you had better give me what I am asking for because you know your career will be over the minute I go to my parents. Now open that blouse and show me those beautiful tits of yours. Right now!" 

Summer scared for her professional life, started unbuttoning her blouse and slowly pulled it open to meet Todd's gaze. Todd just shook his head and Summer knew that she would have to more fully expose her breasts to the stares of her student. As she slowly pulled the blouse off of her shoulders, she felt the light of the flash from Todd's camera in her eyes. She closed the front of her blouse to cover her bra and cleavage, but she was met with Todd's harsh words, "Slut, pull that fucking blouse open, unfasten your bra and show me your nipples."

Summer could not figure out another way to get out of the situation so as she shrugged her shoulders, the blouse slipped off and she reached around to unfasten the clasp of her bra. As the bra fell from her breasts, Todd could see Summer's breasts rise and fall with every breath. He then was able to see her perfectly hard nipples, but wanted to get a better shot of them, so he told Summer to take a nipple in each hand and squeeze them to make them really hard. As Summer twisted her nipples, her pussy began to moisten again and she began forcing her legs together to try and stop the advancing orgasm. Todd instructed Summer to put her hands above her head and he took his camera and began taking pictures of her in this position.

Todd, pushing Summer's limits, told her to lay her head back against the car seat and to spread her legs as wide as possible. Then Todd said, "Slut, put your left hand on your pussy and stroke your clit. Take your right hand and squeeze your nipples harder." As Summer mindlessly complied, Todd began snapping off picture after picture of his slut touching her body. From time to time, he told Summer to change hands, place both hands on her breasts, spread her pussy lips with one hand and put fingers from her other hand into her pussy. Todd made sure that Summer's face was completely visible in each shot as he wanted perfect evidence of her total submission to his demands and her desires.

As Summer's breathing got heavier, Todd decided to up the ante a bit by taking a nipple between his teeth and began to bite down on it. Summer squealed in pain but did not force Todd's mouth from her breast. Summer's breathing became more rapid the harder he bit down on the nipple when Summer exploded in her third and hardest orgasm of the afternoon. She pressed her breast into Todd's mouth telling him to bite her nipple harder and harder. Todd watched as Summer's hand continued to rub her wet slit as she moaned to the multiple stimulations he had thrust upon her in the last 30-minutes.

When he was sure that Summer was about to cum again for the fourth time, he took her hands from her pussy and told her that she was not to cum again. Summer looked at Todd through glazed over eyes and begged him to let her cum. Todd then told Summer, "Slut you have not earned the right to have another orgasm. You need to beg me for the right to cum. Look directly into the lens of my camera, tell me who you are, what you are and what you need." Without hesitating, Summer looked directly into Todd's camera while he was recording and said, "You are my Master, I am your slut and I must cum, Please Master." Todd, satisfied that he had a complete record of her submission, told Summer that she cannot cum until she had tasted his cock. Todd took Summer's hands and placed them on the crotch of his jeans, ordered her to take his already fully erect cock out and suck the entire 8 inches into her slut mouth. Summer immediately did as she was directed as the need to cum was overwhelming and she was willing to do anything to get the orgasm she so badly needed. As Todd's cock slipped over her lips, Summer felt Todd's hands on the back of her head as he forced her down onto his cock. Summer felt the pubic hairs that surrounded Todd's cock and that meant that the head of his cock was at the back of her throat. 

Todd, told Summer to get up on your knees slut so that you can better suck my cock. Summer complied with Todd's demand and with her ass up in the air, she forced his cock deeper into her throat. She felt Todd's hands massaging her ass when suddenly she felt wicked slaps on her cheeks, which only made her want to suck his cock deeper into her throat. Todd was able to slide his fingers along the crack of his slut teacher's ass until he reached her most private of spots. As he began to insert his finger into her ass, Summer struggled to keep him from doing so. With his other hand, Todd slammed Summer's head deep down onto his cock as he buried his middle finger all the way into the slut teacher's anal passageway. As Summer felt Todd furiously fuck his finger into her ass, she felt her orgasm rising and she began sucking the hard cock in earnest. As Todd was approaching orgasm, Summer took the cock even further down her throat as Todd slipped a second finger into her ass. As the digits plunged completely into her ass, Summer was overcome by the strongest orgasm she had ever experienced and was rewarded by Todd's hot jism as it shot down her waiting throat. Todd ordered Summer to catch come of his cum and to hold it in her mouth.

As Summer pulled off of Todd's now semi hard cock, Todd instructed Summer to open her mouth and hold his cum on her tongue. As she did this, Summer once again saw the flash of Todd's ever present digital camera as he documented her holding his cum in mouth. Once satisfied with the pictures, he told his slut that she could swallow it.

Once recovered from her sexual assault, Summer remembered where she was and the fact that she was almost completely naked. She told Todd to get out of her car as fast as possible because she did not want anyone to see her in this condition. Todd zipped up his pants and agreed to exit the slut's car without further conversation about it. Summer was able to find her bra and blouse, but was unable to find her panties. She looked up at Todd to see him holding her pink panties to his nose while he looked down upon her. Summer asked Todd for her panties, but Todd said, "No these will be my reminder of the events and pleasures of today."

With that, Todd mounted his bicycle and paddled his way out of the school parking lot. As Summer was able to fully redress, without her panties of course, she looked at her watch to see that she was thirty minutes late for her dinner meeting with Lisa. As she approached the gate exit from the school, her phone buzzed again signaling another text message had arrived from the tormentor that had gotten today's events started in the first place. She decided to wait until she had reached the parking lot of the restaurant. She did not want to be distracted any more than she already was. As she turned into the parking lot, she noticed that all the spots were full and that she would have to utilize the valet service. As she pulled up to the podium, she suddenly remembered her current status of undress and the fact that she had no panties on. But, Summer had no choice but to exit her car and no doubt gave the attendant enough of a view that he could probably count each of the hairs that covered the mound of her pussy.

She went into the bar, found Lisa and excused herself to go to the bathroom to freshen up. Once inside the bathroom, Summer was shocked to find that there was dried cum around her lips and she prayed that Lisa had not seen the remnants of the blowjob she had just been forced to give to one of her high school students. Her phone buzzed again and she said shit to herself as she had forgotten to check the first message. Master T's most recent message was of his approval of her actions today in the parking lot. He was fairly confident that his slut would meet his demands and it was possible for him to return the picture to her. The second message said, "Slut, never, ever make me wait on you. I will deal with you on Saturday." Master T


Summer, nearly exhausted from her day, began refreshing herself in the ladies room. She fixed her blouse and skirt, straightened her hose and tried her best to hide her ever hardening nipples. Just a simple enraged message from Master T had made her nipples hard, AGAIN. When she was satisfied that she had sufficiently recovered from the day's ordeal and that she had freshened her make-up to eliminate the traces of sex, she joined Lisa at the bar where a double gold margarita awaited her thirsty lips.

Lisa looked at Summer and wondered what her friend had been up to that day...



