Summer's Blackmail Ch. 20
bywilcox010©
Summer Wayne is a 40 year old married high school Senior English teacher that is being blackmailed by one of her students. She is required to call him Master T and she is completely under his control. In just a little over ten days, Master T has had each of Summer's nipples pierced, each of her pussy lips is adorned with ring piercings and her left ear has been pierced with a large loop earring that includes three red beads that signifies to Master T that she is his. Summer has had her hair cut into a much younger cut that barely reaches her neck, it is jagged in style and her hair has received extensive highlighting to further change her appearance. Her fingernails have been lengthened by acrylic nails of almost ¾ inches in length and painted a bright red to match her toenails. She has been subjected to more public humiliation in a bar near the hair salon at the hands of a boat salesman and bartender. Summer has no way to know, but her weekend will be filled with additional piercings, tattoo and additional humiliations...thanks to my friends for recommendations/suggestions for story lines especially Mike, Jack, John, Rebecca, Slut jenni, Susan and Elly.

(I apologize it took me so long to finish this chapter. I am working on exit strategies and when her husband comes home, so I do not want to screw up the story line with unanswered ideas and themes - keep them coming.)

As Summer's body stopped convulsing from the effects of the public orgasm and humiliation, she continued to feel the finger sliding deeper into her ass and the fingers on her clit continued to manipulate her erect clit through the thin material of her red thong. Additionally, though at a lower setting, the black vibrating egg was still working deep inside her pussy.

Mike Roberts, the boat salesman, continued to manipulate the holes of the slut teacher right at the bar. There was no way he was going to stop until he was able to at least have the slut suck his cock. Summer still had her phone pressed to her ear while her young master listened and directed her actions as Mike manipulated her body under the watchful eyes of the bartender.

"Hand the phone to the bartender, Slut," Summer heard from her young master.

Summer took the phone away from her ear, handed the phone to the bartender and said, "Master T told me to give you the phone."

Quizzically, the bartender took the phone and said, "Hello".

"Hi, this is Summer's Master. To whom am I speaking," Todd asked.

The bartender responded, "My name is Barb".

"Well Barb, I am sure that you are a bit confused by what you are seeing from my slut. She is a teacher, but she really is my slut and does exactly what I tell her to do without question. Sometimes she hesitates and that irritates me, but all in all she is not too bad at this point in her training," Todd said.

"That is interesting for sure. What do you want from me," Barb asked.

"Well Barb, I am going to ask you to do a couple of things for me and to my slut. Can you do that for me without getting into trouble with Jack your owner," Todd asked.

"No Jack is not here and there is plenty of staff around to cover for me," Barb replied.

Todd then detailed to Barb what he wanted done to his slut and for him. Barb was to tell Mike to turn the vibrator off, but the egg was to remain inside Summer's pussy. Barb was then told to send Mike to the men's bathroom and to wait on Summer. Todd then told Barb to take Summer back to the bathroom area, lead her into the men's room. Barb was to take a picture of Summer standing inside the door making sure the men's room sign is visible. Next Barb was to make Summer pull her tube top down making sure that it fell below her breasts and she was to take a picture of Summer like that making sure to capture the look on her face.

Barb listened to the rest of Todd's instructions and then walked to the end of the bar to tell her partner that she was going to be away for a few minutes. He had noticed what had been going on at the end of the bar and had not been shocked by it as Meehan's had a reputation for erotic events happening there. But mostly those events happened at night and not in the middle of the afternoon. He smiled inwardly as he knew that Barb was into women just as much as she was into men. He had been with her when she had dominated one of the former waitresses at the bar and how she had forced the young college student to submit to her demands. He wondered if the woman at the bar was going to be Barb's next conquest.

Mike continued to stroke Summer' clit and kept pushing his middle finger deeper into her ass. Summer for her part tried to remain calm under the physical attack by the boat salesman. She could not afford for him to find out who she was so she just allowed him to have his way with her hoping he would tire and leave. Summer was not one to look too far ahead these days as she fell further under Todd's control as well as her desire to please dominant men whenever she was confronted by them.

Barb walked back to the couple wrapped in intimate touching and said loud enough for most people to hear, "Mike, Summer's Master told me to tell you to go to the men's room. We will join you shortly. You should turn off the vibrating egg, but she is to leave it in her pussy."

"Really, he told you to tell me that," Mike asked.

"Yep, he has some more plans for his slut that involve you and me. So, please turn off the vibrator and go to the men's room as he has asked," Barb replied.

"Oh man, that sounds like fun," was Mike's quick reply as the flipped the switch on the controller and placed it on the counter in front of Summer.

As he pulled his finger out of Summer's ass, he could hear a slight moan emitted from Summer. He continued to rub her clit until he was able to adjust his cock so that it did not stand out directly in front of him. He stuck his fingers into the beer that was placed in front of Summer to wash her fluids off and then he wiped his fingers down the side of her face. "See you in a few minutes slut," Mike said to the humiliated teacher.

Barb then told Todd that Mike had left the bar and that the egg had been turned off, but it is still in her pussy as he had directed. She told Todd that she had poured another Irish whiskey and it was sitting right in front of Summer. Barb also told Todd that Mike had rinsed his fingers in the mug of beer. Todd felt like that was a really good touch.

"Slut, your master says for you to drink the whisky now," Barb emphatically said.

Summer looked into the eyes of the cute bartender hoping to find some sympathy there, but saw none. Resigned to her fate again, Summer took the shot glass, which was twice the size of the previous two shots and poured it down her throat. Summer felt the whiskey burn all the way down into her stomach. It mixed with her stomach acids that were clamoring for food, but were only receiving alcohol to satisfy the hunger there.

Summer was still seated on the wooden bar stool with the heels of her slut pumps still gripping the support bar between the legs of the bar stool. The hem of Summer's skirt was almost up to the red thong covered pussy while the side straps of her thong were clearly visible over the waist band of her spandex skirt. The white tube top clung to her body as it was at least one size too small and her breasts were straining against the front of the top, which only caused her erect pierced nipples to stand out more prominently.

Summer was feeling just a little tipsy from the two cold draft beers and the three shots of whiskey. She felt somewhat numb to the fact that she was on display in a fairly public bar being directed by another stranger, but the humiliation of the situation was not lost on her. Summer was beginning to understand that the more she came under the directions of dominant personalities the more compliant she was becoming. Summer felt a strange sense of comfort knowing that Barb was talking to her master and that he would surely not force her to do anything that would cause her any legal problems. At this point, all Summer cared about was not being discovered by her children, her husband and her employer. Summer was thankful that she did know anyone at the bar really as she had only briefly met Mike Roberts when she and James had rented a boat from him over the summer.

"Ok slut. We are going to go to the restrooms now. I am going to turn your vibrating egg back on and you are to rub your ass against the seat of the bar stool until I tell you to stop," Marg said as her thumb found the switch on the controller.

Summer felt the egg jump to life and once again the feeling of orgasmic need began to sweep over her body. "Put your hands on the bar to give yourself some balance," Barb ordered.

Summer grabbed the edge of the bar, pressed her ass down harder onto the wooden sea, began to rock slowly back and forth. This motion caused the already taunt crotch of her red thong to become even tighter against her clit. The rocking motion caused her clit to become erect again and her body was easily moving towards another orgasm. Summer noticed the flash and saw that Barb had taken a picture of her with her camera phone. Summer watched through glazed eyes as apparently Barb texted the picture to who knows who, but she figured it must have been to her Master T.

Summer watched as Barb pulled another draft beer and set it on the bar in front of her. Summer heard the "Drink up," command and reached for the cold mug. Summer slowly began to drink the cold liquid, but was soon prodded to make it quick. Summer had never been a real big beer drinker and now she was being forced to down her third beer in less than 45 minutes. The beer had a harsher and darker taste. It was stronger than the other two beers.

Little drips of beer slipped around the outside rim of the beer mug and ran down Summer's chin falling into her cleavage. Summer could feel her nipples harden even more because of the cold shock of the beer hitting her breasts and draining down her cleavage. Summer's eyes came upon Barb's eyes and she noticed the steely look she was being given.

"Your master says that we are to go to the bathroom now," Barb advised the now slightly inebriated teacher.

Summer placed the mug back down onto the bar, turned to her left and stepped down off of the stool very unladylike as she lost her balance because the hem of her skirt had stretched too tightly across the top of her thighs to allow her much freedom of movement. Summer's motion caught the attention of a group of men seated at a booth down the row of booths that led to the hallway where the bathrooms were located. Summer pulled down on the hem of her skirt with both hands trying so hard to cover more of her body. But, what Summer did not realize was that when she tugged on the hem of the skirt, it only made the waist band of the skirt ride lower on her hips there by exposing more of the side straps of her bright red thong.

Summer reached back for her purse as it hung on the back of the bar stool and it slipped from hands to tumble to the floor with a loud splat. She froze not knowing what to do when she heard her newest tormentor call out, "Slut, pick it up and get your ass over here," Barb said quite loudly.

Summer looked around the bar and noticed the four men in the booth all looking at her. She tried her best to bend down ladylike, but the short skirt just would not allow her any dignity. She stooped to pick up her purse and her breasts almost popped over the tube top. The hem of the skirt rode up almost to the cheeks of her ass and more of the material of her thong appeared above the waist band of the skirt. Summer summoned her nerve once more, started walking towards Barb albeit more staggering because of the three shots and three beers she had been forced to drink.

When Summer came even with Barb, she looked to her left and saw the eyes of the four men as they roamed over her body. Summer felt like she was being mentally stripped by the men as she walked. "Stop right there slut," Barb ordered.

Summer did as instructed and waited for the next instruction. Barb put her left hand on the small of Summer's back and slowly slide it down inside the waist band of the spandex skirt. Summer felt Barb's fingers hook the thin material of her thong and roughly pulled it upwards digging the material in her crotch deeper between her already fully swollen pussy lips. Barb left her hand there and nudged Summer down the hallway towards the bathroom.

As Summer reached for the door handle that opened the woman's bathroom door she felt Barb's hand withdraw from her skirt and then she heard Barb say, "No not that one slut, the men's room is where we are going."

"Please don't make me go in the men's room Barb," Summer begged.

"Slut, I am not making you go in the men's room. Your master is. Now push the door open and stand in the doorway," Summer was ordered.

Summer did as instructed and immediately saw that Mike Roberts was waiting in the bathroom with his pants unzipped slowly stroking a very large cock. Summer's eyes froze on the erect member as it stared at her with a small amount of pre-cum leaking from the slit on top of the big purple head. Summer was startled when Barb ordered, "Slut, pull your top down below your tits."

Summer looked pleadingly at Barb who still held Summer's phone to her ear with her young master at the other end of the cell signal. Summer dropped her head and reached up on both sides of her top and pulled it down over her breasts. Her nipples were already fully erect, but the cold air of the bathroom as well as the humiliating exposure in public seemed to make them harder.

"Put your arms above your head and grab the doorframe slut," Barb ordered.

Summer raised her hands above the door, still holding onto her purse and grabbed the grimy frame of the men's bathroom door. Summer felt the flash of the camera and then heard Barb say, "Turn around, face Mike and pull your skirt up over your hips."

Summer neither hesitated nor pleaded as she knew her fate was sealed by the mere fact that Barb was instructing her based on instructions she was being given by her young master. Summer grabbed the hem of her skirt and struggled to pull it up over her hips. Once she had accomplished the demand, she was told to spread her legs, pull the crotch of her thong to the side and show Mike her piercings. Mike could see the ring piercings quite clearly as well as the moisture that was seeping out of the teacher's pussy and he could also see the control wire of the egg that was still buried deep inside Summer's pussy.

Summer looked directly at Mike as she complied with her young master's instructions as they were relayed to her by her newest tormentor Barb. Summer watched as Mike continued to stroke his cock and soon she felt Barb's hand on her ass cheeks as she pushed her all the way into the bathroom. Summer heard the bolt lock on the door click and knew that she was trapped here in the one stall men's room. There Summer stood with her skirt up around her waist, the crotch of her thong pulled to the side revealing her swollen pussy lips as well as her piercings, her top pulled down below her breasts, nipples standing at attention by her piercings, Mike with his hard cock along with the cute bartender who was turning out to be quite a dominant.

Mike was the first to speak, "Nice piercings slut. Turn around and show Barb."

Summer did as she was instructed. "Spread your legs wider and put your hands behind your head slut," Barb ordered.

Summer released the wet material of her crotch and complied even though she still maintained a death grip on her purse. Barb reached up and tugged the purse from her hands. Summer saw Barb's eyes roam over her body first from her breasts and then down to her pussy lips. Barb then said, "Bend over at the waist with your hands still behind your head slut."

Summer bent over as directed knowing that her ass was fully exposed to Mike and that she was basically spread eagle while in this position. Summer felt Barb's hands softly massaging her back and shoulders. Summer could hear Barb's sharp intake of air as her hands squeezed and massaged different areas of Summer's back leading down to her ass cheeks. 

"Reach behind and spread your ass cheeks for Mike," Barb ordered.

Summer slipped her hands from behind her neck, ran them down the sides of her torso and to her ass cheeks. Summer grabbed each cheek and pulled them apart. In this position, the string of her thong that formed her crotch was pulled tighter against her pussy cavity as well as her ass hole. Because earlier she had been instructed to pull the panties aside to show Mike her pussy, the control wire to her egg peaked around the material of her thong. "Spread those legs wider slut," came Mike's demand.

Summer struggled with the position and the effort to spread her legs wider. Her skirt was no longer the issue, but the platform stripper heels made it hard for her to be able to balance herself while bent at the waist and spreading her ass cheeks at the same time.

"Look up at me slut," Barb demanded.

As Summer raised her head, the flash of the camera reminded her of the situation she was in and the pictorial documentation of her submission to these two new strangers. Summer continued to look up as Barb took several more shots of her in this position. Barb took a couple of minutes to text the newest pictures to not only Summer's master but to her phone for future viewing.

As Barb paused in her digital recording of the event, Mike moved around in front of Summer while continuing to stroke his cock. As he stepped in front of Summer, there was a bang on the door and a call for the person to open the door. Mike ignored the request and grabbed Summer's now shorter hair pulling her face towards his erect cock.

"Open your mouth slut. It is time for you to take care of my cock," Mike ordered as he pushed his hips forward while pulling Summer's hair towards him.

As Summer opened her mouth, she started to slide her hands from her ass cheeks. That action was met with quick slaps on each of her ass cheeks. "Who told you that you could remove your hands slut," Barb said angrily.

Summer's mouth opened to protest the slaps, but she was force fed Mike's large cock. He slowly fucked the head of his cock in and out of the teacher's mouth. He was giving her time to get adjusted to the size of the head because he knew from prior experiences that women had a hard time initially taking the full length of his cock without first showing her that he was not going to attack her mouth.

Summer tried to fight the invading cock because it was so large, but in her position with her hands grasping her ass cheeks and her hair being pulled towards the cock, she had no other option other than taking the cock in her mouth. For his part, Mike took it easy on Summer's mouth as he worked the head of his stiff cock into her mouth. Each thrust forced his cock deeper into the teacher's mouth.

Barb knelt down beside Summer and aimed the camera display of Summer's own phone and took several pictures capturing the action. Barb texted those pictures to both her own phone and Todd's to further document Summer's submission.

Barb watched a little while longer as Mike began to fuck Summer's mouth in earnest. He had been promised by Todd that if he played along, she would reward him with a world class blow job. Mike had to admit that the teacher was performing quite well. He was hopeful to make the blowjob last longer, but there was a steady knock on the door from an impatient customer who had to empty his bladder.
Summer then felt hands pulling on the sides of her thong as Barb began working the thong over her hips and down her legs as far as it would go given her spread eagle position. Summer allowed her hands to move away from her ass cheeks to assist Barb in lowering the thong. Summer next felt the egg jump to life and fingers rubbing her clit. Barb began to manipulate Summer's clit between two fingers while her other hand continued to spank the teacher's ass cheeks. Mike increased the tempo of his thrusts as he grew ever closer to orgasm.

Summer's grunts from the hard spanking were muffled by the cock sliding down her throat. She had been able to accommodate the cock deep into her throat because of the position that she had been placed. The only issue for Summer was the constant spanking at the hand of Barb, which was forcing her closer to yet another orgasm. The sheer humiliation of being molested by these two strangers was more than she could stand. Summer's body erupted in orgasm just as Barb's fingers slipped inside her pussy.

Barb's fingers pushed the egg deeper inside Summer's pussy causing the egg to find just the right spot to cause Summer to lose control of her body as she fell to the floor. Summer was supported by the big cock buried in her throat and the three fingers that had been stuffed deep inside her pussy. Summer's legs were splayed wide open with the thin strings of the red thong stretched tightly across her lower thighs.

Barb was the first to change positions. She watched as Mike continued to fuck his cock in and out of Summer's mouth. Summer was almost completely passed out due to the intensity of her most recent orgasm. Her body was still shaking in response to the cock, the fingers, the egg and circumstances of her submission as well as the humiliation of complying with the directions of her young master again.

Barb reached down and grabbed Summer's wrists and pulled her hands up over her head. Looking directly at Mike, Barb gave Todd's final instructions that he was to start cumming in his slut's mouth, but he was to pull out, splash his cum all over Summer's face and breasts marking her for the slut she was.

Summer did not resist Barb's manipulations as she was too spent to care. Summer rested her head against Barb as Mike continued to fuck his cock into her mouth. Summer's saliva was sliding out the corners of her mouth and her throat gripped the cock head each time it was forced there. Summer wanted to receive Mike's cock so that she could satisfy her craving to please as well as to bring this humiliation session to an end.

Summer felt Mike's rhythm pick up and soon she felt his cock get even harder, which Summer did not think was possible. Barb pressed her abdomen forward giving Summer's head no place to go, but to accept the cock deeper than before. Mike looked directly into Barb's eyes and said, "I am cumming."

Mike was tempted to let the first couple of eruptions splash against the back of Summer's throat. But who was he to change what Summer's young master had required for him to be able to experience such an erotic encounter. So, Mike jerked his cock out of the teacher's mouth, grabbed it with his right hand and began stroking the saliva covered cock while aiming it at Summer's face. The first eruption hit Summer's nose and then dribbled down over her lips. Mike's second eruption splashed on the teacher's chin and then began to run down her neck. Mike then aimed his cock at Summer's chest and splash after splash of his hot cum fell on Summer's breasts. Mike tried to take careful aim at her nipples, but he was too caught up in the ecstasy of the orgasm, that he did not really take careful aim.

At the same moment as Mike pulled his cock away from Summer, Barb released the teacher's wrists. Summer remained kneeling on the floor of the men's restroom with Mike's cum dripping down her face onto her breasts. Barb once again picked up Summer's camera and snapped off a couple of pictures, which she quickly texted to Todd that depicted Summer's submission in the restroom. It was quite apparent that Summer was a slut and that she had been marked by another man's cum.

Mike and Barb helped Summer to her feet. They leaned Summer back against the counter top next to the sink. Summer's skirt was still up over her waist, her tube top was below her breasts, her pierced nipples had sprinkles of Mike's cum on them, her red thong was pulled tightly across her lower thighs and her engorged pussy lips were highlighted by the ring piercings. The black egg continued to send vibrations through-out Summer's body, but her mind could not comprehend the message at this point.

Mike stood back, pulled his camera phone out of his pocket and quickly snapped off a couple of pictures as a memento from the experience. His now semi-erect cock was still extended through the opening in his pants. "Do you want me to help you dress her before I leave," Mike asked Barb.

"No, you have completed your part of the humiliation of this slut. Her Master has a few other things she is to suffer, but none that you will help with," came Barb's reply.

Barb let Summer rest against the counter top. She knew that she would have to open the door to the bathroom before creating a scene where the other male patrons of the bar could not come to relieve themselves. But, that was the next part of Summer's humiliation. Barb had been told to make Summer rub her pussy while the other male patrons came into the restroom. Summer was not permitted to cum, but the men who came in were not allowed to fuck Summer, but they were allowed to touch her.

As soon as Mike stepped to the door but before he unlocked it, he heard Barb's new instructions," Slut, put the fingers of one hand in your pussy and with your other hand rub that hard clit of yours until you are told to stop. You are not allowed to cum until you beg to do so."

Summer watched as Mike exited the restroom while winking at the slut teacher. Summer did not move immediately because not only was she stunned by the new instructions, her body was still in the throes of orgasm. She was brought back to reality when Barb slapped each breast making sure to flick each nipple. "Do it now slut," was Barb's command.

Summer, with her breasts smarting from the two slaps, lowered her hands to her pussy. The two middle fingers of her left hand slipped easily between her swollen pussy lips and found her inner pussy soaking wet. Her fingers could feel the vibrations of the black egg as it continued its assault on her body. Summer's right hand found its way down to her clit and she began to stroke it slowly as it was super sensitive from all of the recent orgasms.

The humiliation of being directed by another woman in the men's restroom hit home with Summer. She was submitting again to a total stranger and she could not control herself. The fingers in her pussy and on her clit were bringing her once again towards another orgasm.

As Summer thrust her fingers deeper into her pussy, the door to the restroom opened. Two men walked through the door and shouted at Barb, "Why the fuck is the door locked Barb?"

"Hey wait a minute Barb. What the fuck is she doing in here," asked one of the men.

"She is being punished by her Master," Barb replied.

"Doesn't look like it is much punishment if you ask me," the other man added.

"Well, she has to stand there rubbing and fucking her pussy while any man is here doing his business," Barb said.

"Can we touch her Barb," the men asked.

"Sure, you just cannot fuck her," the waitress replied.

Both men closed in on Summer. Her hands were driving her to the brink of orgasm and the continuing humiliation now with more strangers was having the all too familiar effect on the teacher. She closed her eyes and stroked her erect clit in earnest. Summer felt the men's hands on her breasts as they pawed at them while pulling her nipples by grasping the piercings, but avoiding the obvious cum still moist on her chest. She felt hands on her ass and fingers spreading her ass cheeks. Then she felt a finger wiggle its way against her puckered asshole and into her ass.

The hands, the egg, the situation, her hands all were bringing Summer closer and closer to orgasm when Summer heard Barb tell them to take their hands off of the slut. Barb told the men that the slut was not allowed to cum.

"Hey Larry, let's get the slut to help us piss," the other man said.

"Yeah Spike that is a great idea," replied Larry.

"Barb is it ok if we get this slut to hold our cocks as we piss," Larry asked.

"I do not see why not," Barb responded.

Barb then addressed the teacher who was still rubbing her clit furiously, "Slut, take these men's cocks and help aim them into the urinal. If you don't do it right, I will let them piss down your throat."

The men pulled Summer's hands away from her pussy, but with some effort as Summer did not want to stop rubbing herself. Each man fished out his cock, both semi erect, positioned Summer between them, placed one of her hands on their cocks and then had her position the cocks aimed at the water in the cup of the urinal. Both men's urine flows started at about the same time. Summer could feel the splash of moisture from the urinals as the men's hot piss hit the back of the urinals. 

All the while Summer was aiding the two strangers in their urination, she felt fingers kneading her ass cheeks and twisting her nipples. One man managed to work a finger inside her ass and he was fucking it into Summer as he pissed.

As Summer continued to hold the two cocks, she felt the egg in her pussy stop vibrating. She looked to her right and she watched in horror as Barb continued to film her humiliation with the video recorder of her phone.

"Ok slut, clean the piss from my cock head," Summer heard one of her newest tormenters say.

The men backed away from the urinals and they turned Summer around. With hands on her shoulders, Summer felt downward pressure as she was forced onto her knees in the bathroom right in front of the urinals. She felt moisture on her knees and that added to the humiliation that she was enduring, but at the same time craving. The more humiliation she received the more turned on she became.

The first man offered up his cock by rubbing it across the teacher's lips. Summer opened her mouth and tasted the salty head of the man's cock and she concentrated on the pee hole opening. Summer pulled her mouth off of the first cock and repeated her cock cleaning action with her mouth.

Satisfied, both men released their hold on Summer's shoulders, zipped up their pants and exited the restroom leaving Summer kneeling on the floor.

"Well that was certainly disgusting slut," Barb said to the still kneeling teacher.

"But your submission here is done. Clean up, re-apply your make-up like the slut you are, fluff your new hair style and then meet me at the bar," Barb said as she walked out of the men's restroom.

Summer quickly scrabbled to her feet, pulled up her thong tugging tightly between her pussy lips. She ran water in the sink, grabbed some paper towels and quickly wiped the grime from her knees. Summer used additional paper towels to remove the remaining caked cum that was still splattered on her breasts that Mike had deposited there a few minutes ago. Summer quickly toweled the moisture off of her breasts, neck and face. She pulled her thin, white tube top up over her breasts. Looking in the mirror she saw her very erect nipples and the outline of her piercings.

Once Summer had pulled the tube top in place her nipples and nipple piercings were again prominent, which reflected that she was still turned on and the circumstances of her submission further heightened her erotic state. Summer pulled the spandex skirt back down as far as she could trying to make sure that her ass cheeks were covered by the short skirt. She felt the hem of the skirt rest against the upper portion of her thighs, but this meant that the side and back straps of her thong would be clearly visible over the waist band of the skirt. It was a catch-22 for Summer. Either she exposed her ass cheeks and the crotch of her thong or she allowed anyone looking to see the material of her thong resting on her hips above the waist band of the skirt. Summer chose covering her ass cheeks.

Summer went about reapplying her make-up making sure that her cheeks were rosy and that her eye shadow evoked a slutty look highlighting her hazel eyes. Summer started to work on her hair, but the woman that appeared in the mirror was so different from the one who had started the day. Her brunette hair had been chopped off so that the ends barely touched her shoulders. The cut was jagged and her hair had almost white highlights through-out. She looked like a millennial, not a high school English teacher. Summer's eyes welled up in tears, but she knew her fate was sealed because she could not control her humiliation nor could she stop the constant feeling of the need to please. It was like a drug to the teacher. The more she was degraded, the more turned on she became.

Once she was satisfied that her make-up and hair would be satisfactory to her young Master, Summer exited the men's room. As she walked back across the bar, Summer could feel the eyes of the two men who had forced her to hold their cocks while they pissed and then had made her clean the piss from their cocks. The bar was fuller than when she had been sitting with Mike, but still not full.

Summer felt her breasts bouncing as she walked across the bar and she could hear her heels clicking on the tile floor as she walked. She felt her nipples harden as her body felt the cool air of the bar. Her pussy was still gripping the black vibrating egg buried deep inside her.

Summer walked up to the end of the bar and stood there until Barb noticed that she was there. Once she noticed, Barb poured a tequila shot for the teacher and set it before her. "Now slut, you are to take this down in one swallow, march out the front door and stand there until your master arrives," Barb instructed Summer.

"Oh and slut, your Master is pleased with your pictures as well as your performance," Barb added.

Barb's last comment brought a brief and slight smile to Summer's face. She reached forward, grabbed the shot glass, brought it up to her lips and threw the harsh liquid against the back of her throat. Summer felt the tequila burn all the way down to her stomach. She was still tipsy from the whiskey and beer that she had had earlier while sitting at the bar with Mike.

Summer composed herself, grabbed her purse, pulled at the hem of her skirt and headed for the front door. The walk across the bar's tile floor was agonizing for Summer. She did not think anyone she knew would be in the bar, but what would happen if she did see someone she knew.

Fortunately, Summer made her way out of the bar, out the front doors and onto the sidewalk that ran the length of the strip center. Summer edged away from the front door to the side of the entrance to the bar. She stood there as the Saturday afternoon shoppers walked by her. Summer saw leers from the women and gazes up and down her body from the men. The young boys who had watched her in the salon came by several times. She knew that her young Master was making her wait purposefully.

Summer's phone rang at that moment and she saw that it was her Master T. "Yes Master T," Summer said as held the phone to her ear.

Holding the phone up to her ear forced the tube top upwards slightly exposing more of the under-side of her breasts. "Walk back to the salon slut using the sidewalk keeping the phone up to your ear," Todd ordered.

Summer heard the line go dead, but knew that Todd wanted her to further expose herself as she walked. There was no way to conceal the fact that her nipples were pierced as holding the phone up to her ear further stretched the material of the white tube top. The side straps of her thong were fully revealed as she walked. The stripper platform high heels made walking down the crowded sidewalk very difficult. She kept bumping accidently into people as she walked. But she noticed that men went out of their way to bump into her making sure that their elbows found one of her breasts.

By the time Summer had made her way back to the salon, she believed that she had been jostled by every man that walked by as she had been forced to stroll down the very busy sidewalk. She was trembling as the walk in the heels had made her calf's burn, but the muscles of her pussy had continued to grip the black vibrating egg (even though it was not vibrating at the moment) which caused her pussy to flow and continue to keep the thin strip of material of the thong's crotch soaked with her juices.

Once she found her way to the front of the salon, Summer took the phone away from her ear. Her arm was tired and there was just a little bit of sweat that had accumulated in the crack in her elbow area. The temperature for late September was still hot and sweat had formed on Summer's forehead and between her breasts. The walked had caused her top to slowly work downward exposing more of her breasts. Summer could see that her nipples were prominently displayed for all to see. She could easily see the outline of her nipples as they were held erect by her barbell piercings.

Summer was startled when she heard the sound of a car horn. It got her attention as well as the many people on the sidewalk. She looked toward the sound and she saw her BMW convertible in the middle of the parking lot with her young master at the wheel. He motioned to Summer with a brief wave of his hand.

Summer steeled herself and stepped away from the front of the salon towards her waiting master. Summer hoped that her day of humiliation was over. She thought about the locks of her brunette hair lying on the floor of the salon from the jagged styling that Midge had administered. The highlights in her hair had made Summer to appear less professional and more likely to be thought of a tramp. The edge of the hair style barely touched her shoulders and the thought of the time that it had taken to grow the former length was now a distant memory.

Summer could hear her platform heels click across the hot asphalt parking lot. She had to watch her step as there were a couple of occasions where the man driving a car was distracted by her appearance as well as the sight of her nipples pressing hard against the skin tight material of her white tube top.

As Summer reached the passenger side door, she heard, "What a nice style you have. Those highlights really make you look like a slut. Midge deserves a bigger tip."

Summer started to open the door, but before she could she heard her young master say, "Slut, turn around and let me see the back of your head."

Without hesitation, Summer turned around to face away from her young master, but towards an SUV parked next to hers. The occupants of the SUV were staring at her as she followed her young master's directions. Her nipples were almost poking through the thin material of her white tube top. The hot afternoon sun was causing little drops of sweat to form on her upper lip, forehead and between her breasts.

Summer just looked straight ahead as she waited for her master's next instruction. "Slut, turn around and bend over at your waist as I want to see the highlights up close," was her next instruction.

Summer slowly turned around which was awkward because of the tightness of her skirt and the high platform heels she was wearing. "No, lean into the car and let me see your hair," Todd said.

Summer hesitated at that moment. If she did as instructed, the hem of her skirt would rise up exposing her ass and thong to the occupants of the SUV. If she did not, she would face punishment from her young master. She hesitate too long and she heard the car start and when Todd put the car in reverse, Summer knew that she had no choice.



"Master T, I am sorry I hesitated, but there are people in the SUV behind me and I will be exposing myself to them. I do not want to get arrested for public indecency," Summer said pleadingly.

"I don't give a shit what you think slut. Bend over into this car or I will leave you standing her in the lot and you can get your own way back to your house," Todd said sternly.

"Master T please do not make me do this," Summer begged.

"You have until I get to one to do what you have been told to do slut," Todd said.

As Todd opened his mouth to shout one, Summer acquiesced and leaned into the car, feeling the hem of her black skirt rise up and over her ass cheeks. Summer holding on tightly to her purse placed her hands onto the passenger seat. Summer felt a slight tug on her hair as her young master pulled her further into the car. Summer was leaning into the car standing almost on her tip toes as the heels of her platform shoes came off of the asphalt surface. 

Summer felt the muscles of the back of her thighs begin to tighten under the strain of the position she was forced to endure, but the greater concern to her was the view she was affording the occupants of the SUV.

The couple in the SUV at first was shocked, but then intrigued by the beautiful woman as she stretched her body into the convertible. The man leaned across the woman to get a better view of Summer's legs and ass. Sure enough, the skirt came up almost to her hips and the couple could clearly see the thin material of Summer's red thong.

Summer heard commotion in the parking lot, but did not dare try to rise up from her bent position. Todd continued to tug on Summer's newly shorn and highlighted hair. He told Summer to give him her purse, which she easily did as it was in her hands on the passenger seat.

Todd fished around in the teacher's purse and found the control to the black egg that he knew was still buried in his slut teacher's pussy. He began to wonder what the couple in the SUV thought about the site of this sexy woman draped across the door to the convertible. He could only imagine what they were thinking, but he knew they were being entertained.

Todd found the dial and turned the egg back on to a medium setting. He kept his hand tangled in the teacher's newly shorn and highlighted hair. He was punishing her for not immediately complying with his instructions again. He twisted her more tightly in his hand and put the controller on the dash of his teacher's BMW convertible. He then reached up behind Summer and began to pull the white tube top upwards which caused her to stretch even further on her toes to keep her balance without falling into the car. He was able to work the top over the tops of Summer's breasts and into her arm pits. Now he had her splayed fully exposed to the SUV occupants and the egg beginning to work its magic on the slut teacher.

Summer felt the tug of her tube top just when the black egg jumped to life. Her immediate reaction was a deep intake of air as well as to try and squeeze her legs tightly together to keep the egg from further stimulating her body. Her actions only caused the egg to push tighter against the inner walls of her sopping wet pussy.

The occupants in the SUV were now being treated with a direct view of Summer's ass as well as the thin material of her thong pressed between her ass cheeks. The woman lowered the passenger window so that there would not be any obstruction to their view. They could just make out moisture on the inside of the woman's thighs as they pressed together tightly as well as being pressed against the door of the car.

"Spread your legs slut. This is your punishment for not following my instructions immediately," Todd ordered.

Summer slowly opened her legs while trying to maintain her balance as the pressure from Todd's grip on her hair as well as the position she was in draped over the passenger door was causing the muscles of her legs to feel like they were on fire from the stress of the position. As Summer's feet moved outward, the intensity of the egg's vibration increased. Todd began to pull and release the pressure on Summer's hair making it appear that she was giving a blow job while bent over the side of the car.

The couple in the SUV were straining their necks to get a better view of Summer's ass. The man slid his hands under his wife's light summer sweater and began massaging her breasts. The woman kept her eyes glued on Summer's ass and on the ring piercings that had peaked out from between the woman's legs surrounding the red material of the thong.

Summer's body was reacting to the stimulation being applied by Todd's firm grasp of her hair as well as from the vibrations of the egg. Additionally, the humiliation of being watched by complete strangers only added to her sense of arousal from her degradation as the student's slut.

"Fuck your hips against the car slut. Show the couple how you fuck," Todd ordered.

With that, Todd began to pull and release Summer's hair to force her to push up against and then back away from the side of the car. Each action only served to hike her skirt up further and draw her ever closer to another orgasm.

Todd slid a pink butt plug into Summer's mouth and told her to suck it. He pulled more forcibly on Summer's hair forcing her to fuck her hips harder against the side of the door. He could hear Summer slobbering on the butt plug which was buried all the way to the base of the plug in the teacher's mouth. Todd looked at the couple leering from the passenger window of their SUV and he just smiled at them. He ran his free hand down the sides of the teacher and tugged at the waistband of her skirt, which hiked the skirt up so that her entire ass was exposed to anyone looking especially the couple.

Summer's body was reacting strongly to the physical, emotional humiliation of her young master's actions. Her body was drawing ever closer to orgasm and she knew that she could not cum without his approval. How could she ask for approval when her mouth was filled with her pink butt plug?

Having pulled the waistband of his slut teacher's skirt until the hem was totally over her hips, Todd raised his hand and gave each ass cheek a quick slap and said, "Cum slut."

Without further thought or action, the exposed and humiliated teacher's body erupted in another public orgasm. Her body fucked hard against the side door panel of her own car as her young master pulled her hair again. Summer's thoughts were on her surroundings and who might be looking, but those thoughts did not keep her from cumming when allowed by her young master.

The woman in the SUV was in flames as her husband had successfully released her breasts from her bra. He had been pulling on her nipples as he kissed her neck all the while watching the show just outside of the passenger window of the SUV. His wife's nipples were very erect and she had slid her hand between her legs and was rubbing her pussy through the fabric of her slacks.

Without so much as a pause, Todd released Summer's hair, pushed her backwards so that she almost fell to the ground in mid orgasm and told her to get in the car. Summer started to straighten up her clothes, but her action was met with the stern look from her young master that she knew would be trouble if she did not immediately comply. Summer opened the passenger car door, slid around it and collapsed into the seat. Only then did she look up to see the man and woman peering out of the SUV's window. Summer thought she could see that the woman was in mid orgasm as Todd backed her BMW out of the space and headed out of the parking lot.

Summer was sitting with her skirt pulled up to her waist and her tube top pulled up over her breasts. Her pierced nipples were poking directly forward facing the oncoming traffic. Summer's legs were splayed outward in an almost obscene manner showing off her red thong and her pussy lips as they wrapped around the thin material of the crotch.

Summer remained that way through the silence of her young master. The afternoon air was still hot for the middle of September. Summer could not believe that the school year had started at the first of August and now 45 days later she finds herself being driven by a student who is blackmailing her into being a slut. She is laid out on the leather seat of her own convertible for anyone to see her pierced nipples, her panties and her new hair style. Summer did feel satisfied because of the most recent orgasm, but the place and the manner in which she had received her orgasm caused her to shiver about the possibilities of being caught by the police and charged with indecent exposure. Thankfully, her young master had selected a semi-private place to park so there was some comfort in knowing that she had not been seen by anyone else other than the couple in the SUV.

Afraid to do anything without first being told to do so was unnerving for the teacher. The car was careening down a four lane road to some unknown place that was not in the direction of the home that she shared with her husband, James, who would not be back from Asia until the first part of November.

Summer noticed that her young master was slowing the car as he made a sharp left hand turn into an older, long suffering shopping center. The center was comprised of several Korean eating establishments, the obligatory massage salon, a Mexican restaurant, a strip club called Extreme and an X-Rated theater called Smith Lane Ultimate Theater or SLUT Theater for short. How appropriate Summer thought.

"Slut, pull yourself together. I thought we would go and enjoy some light entertainment on the big screen today. Fix your fucking make-up. You are a slut, not a whore," Todd ordered.

Todd's comment struck Summer as odd as she always felt like she was being pushed towards being a whore. Sometimes, she felt like she was a whore because she always seemed to be paying for sex in some way.

Summer pulled her tube top back into place, but her nipples remained erect. Summer tried her best to pull the spandex skirt back into place, but it was impossible given that she was seated in her car. Summer pulled the sunshade down and flipped open the mirror that was on the reverse side. As Todd closed the convertible top, Summer looked at the state of her make-up. She was shocked by her appearance as she looked like she had slept in her make-up.

Summer quickly went about cleaning up the make-up that had run down her face from her eyes and lipstick. She quickly reapplied the eye shadow that Todd required her to wear. Summer freshened her cheeks and then reapplied her fuck me now red lip stick. Once finished, she turned and looked at her young master, "Master T, does this please you," the poor teacher asked.

"Yes slut that is better. So, get out of the car and let's go inside the theater. Couples get in free," Todd replied.

Todd exited the convertible leaving the teacher to fend for herself. Summer quickly climbed out of the passenger seat, shut the door and tried her best to catch up to her young master. She had never been in an adult theater before, but she remembered the glory hole experience and Summer was hopeful that this experience would not be as degrading. But, no matter the circumstances, Summer knew that her role was to make sure her young master was pleased.

Todd continued to walk ahead of the hurrying teacher. He was enjoying hearing her rush up to him as her platform stripper heels prevented her from running, but she managed to shuffle across the uneven pavement of the theater to join her young master at the ticket window.

Summer stood beside her young master as he conversed with the man behind the ticket window. As Todd talked, Summer watched the man leer at her through the thick glass wall. Summer could feel her nipples hardening under the degrading gaze of the stranger, but Todd only took more time to allow the man a longer view of his teacher slut. 

Todd moved towards the door and opened it to allow Summer to enter the theater first. Summer's body was met with the cold air of the theater. Summer felt goose bumps rise all over her body and her nipples pressed firmly against the thin white tube top that barely covered Summer's breasts.

"Do you need to pee slut," Todd asked.

"Yes Master T. Please let me go to the bathroom," Summer answered.

Todd turned, told the ticket taker his slut needed to go to the bathroom and asked where the bathroom was. The man told them that it was around the corner just before the entrance on the left side of theater one. The ticket taker also told Todd that the couples' only section was down that aisle and was limited to the first six rows as well as the first six seats on each row. The ticket taker also said that it is not uncommon for men to wander into the couples' only section and if they bothered them, Todd should just tell them to leave.

Todd walked to the left side of theater one and stopped at the women's bathroom door. "Slut get in there, do your business, take your egg out and bring it out to me when you are done," Todd ordered.

Summer rushed past her young master and made her way into the bathroom. Summer was surprised at how clean it was as she had feared that it would be unclean. Summer stepped into one of the stalls, pulled her tiny soaked red thong down her legs, spread her legs, reached between them to locate the receiver cord and pulled the egg from her pussy. Summer was pleased that she was able to retrieve the egg so easily and she was amazed at how much pussy juice was on the egg.

Summer sat down on the toilet, relieved her bladder, stood up, pulled her thong back into place and flushed the commode. Summer then walked to the sink, turned on the water only to find that there was only cold water. She placed her hands under the faucet, washed her hands, turned off the water and then reached for the paper towels only to find that there were none. Summer just took her hands and rubbed the cold water onto her arms and legs to dry her hands. Of course the cold water gave her another chill which sent stimulation to her already erect nipples. Summer realized that she was still quite tipsy from all of thet shots and beer she had been forced to drink at Meehan's.

Summer headed out of the bathroom and with an open palm, handed her black egg to her young master. Todd looked at the egg and asked, "Did you clean the egg slut?"

Summer looked at Todd and hesitantly replied, "No Master T I forgot to do that."

"Slut, how dare you give me a nasty egg covered in your slut juices? Lick this clean now," Todd shouted at the teacher.

Todd's voice attracted attention from men who had been in the lobby as he and Summer had walked into the theater. They had followed them around to the left side of theater one and were just loitering around watching Todd and his older slut.

Summer turned to go back into the bathroom when she heard, "Slut where are you going? Lick that egg completely clean now."

Summer was now trapped again. She knew that she had made her young master angry, but she also knew that she would now be putting on a show of submission to several men who were in the lobby area inching closer and closer to her. Summer raised the egg to her lips and began to systematically lick her pussy juices from the egg. She made sure to lick every inch of the egg before offering it back to her young master.

Todd held the black vibrating egg up by the receiver cord and pretended to carefully inspect the stimulation tool. He turned it first one way and then the next. He moved it closer to Summer and pointed to the tip of the egg as he held it above her head. "You missed a spot slut. I said lick it completely clean," Todd said quite loudly.

As Summer moved her tongue up towards the egg, Todd raised his hand which distanced the tip of the egg from Summer's tongue. Todd raised the egg just high enough so that Summer was forced to inch up on the tip toes of her platform heels and stretch her tongue upwards fully to barely be able to touch the tip of her tongue to the tip of the egg. "Clean it until I tell you to stop slut," Todd ordered.

Todd kept her in this position as the men began to inch closer to Summer. By forcing her to stand on the toes of her heels, Todd was forcing Summer's breasts outward and the tube top was stretching tighter and tighter across her breasts. Todd could see Summer's erect nipples straining against the thin fabric of the top and he could easily make out the outline of both her nipples as well as the bar bell piercings in each one.

Once the crowd of men had moved to within just a couple of feet, Todd said, "Ok slut. Let's go in and watch some porn."

Todd opened one of the double doors leading into theater one. Summer followed nervously behind her young master as the men had drawn closer to her as she had been put on exhibition while being made to clean her black vibrating egg. The men were right behind her and Summer's nerves were on high alert as she was concerned about her safety. 

As she entered the theater, the sheer darkness made her very uneasy. She did not immediately see her young master and had to call out, "Master T where are you?"

"Right here slut," Todd answered.

Summer felt his hand grab her right arm as he walked down the aisle pulling her behind him. Summer was having trouble seeing where she was going because it was so dark and the incline down the aisle way was a little steeper than a normal theater she thought. Summer stumbled behind Todd as her platform heels did little to provide her with sound footing on the carpeted aisle way. A couple of times Summer's heels caught in little tears in the carpet.

Todd stopped suddenly and Summer stumbled into him. She had not been prepared for such a sudden stop. "Fuck slut watch where you are going," Todd admonished the teacher.

Todd pushed Summer into a row of seats by nudging her in the back. She felt seat cushions against the outside of her right leg as she bumped into the seats. Todd grabbed her arm roughly and pulled her down onto one of the seats. When Summer sat down she looked straight up at the screen and saw a woman bent over an ottoman while being fucked from behind and sucking a cock at the same time.

Summer nervously looked around the theater and saw that she was sitting in row five of the theater. Todd was next to her and he leaned in to say, "Don't worry my slut. This is the couples' section where the first six rows as well as the first six seats are reserved for couples only."

Hearing those words gave Summer some sense of security even though she was in an X-rated movie theater that smelled funny and looked to be way past its prime. Summer concentrated on the onscreen action to help take her mind off of her surroundings. She was mesmerized by the action on the screen as the woman seemed to be impaled on two gigantic cocks as they fucked in and out of her body.

Summer saw motion to her right and she glanced over to see that several men had sat down near the couples' section, but had not invaded the reserved space. "My God they are so close to me and I am sitting here dressed like such a slut," Summer thought to herself.

As the on-screen action continued to get hotter and hotter, Summer could feel her body begin to respond to the stimulation her eyes and brain were receiving from the big screen. She felt so exposed in the theater as her skirt had ridden up her legs and she glanced down to see the red crotch of her thong peeking from the hem of her spandex skirt. She started pulling the hem down her legs which was met with a quick as well as stern rebuke from her young master.

Summer then felt Todd's right hand as he placed on her leg mid-thigh. He squeezed Summer's thigh quite firmly and then began to inch his hand up her leg stopping only to squeezed her upper thigh as his hand felt the hem of his slut teacher's skirt.



"Spread your legs slut so I can get to that wet pussy of yours," Todd ordered.

Summer had no choice but to do as she was being instructed. As she spread her legs, the hem of her skirt raised higher further exposing more of her panties. Even though the theater was dark, the bright light from the onscreen action illuminated all of her features. The men were moving closer to her and Summer's mind was on high alert. She felt uneasy with all of the leering eyes, but at the same time, her young master's touch was having a profound effect on her body as her eyes stayed glued to the screen.

Todd continued to slide his hand up Summer's leg until he found the crotch of her panties. After a couple of strokes of her crotch he said, "Nice wet pussy slut. Spread your legs further and start playing with yourself while you watch the movie."

Summer hesitated ever so slightly which was followed by a terse, "Now," command by her young master.

Summer then felt Todd's hand disappear from her pussy and she saw out of the corner of her eye that he had turned and was fully facing her. On the screen she saw that the men had switched places and the man that had been receiving a blow job had forced his huge cock into the woman's ass. The other man had grabbed the woman on each side of her head by her hair and was forcibly fucking his cock into her mouth. The moans of the woman could be heard through-out the theater on the speakers attached to the walls. Summer could see saliva escaping from the sides of the woman's mouth as the camera took in all of the action.

Summer slowly lowered her right hand down between her legs. She kept her eyes glued to the big screen trying to avoid eye contact with the men gathering around her. Summer's fingers found the wet crotch of her panties and began to slowly make a circle playing with her pussy lips and lightly touching her erect clit. She felt the crotch of her panties slipping between her pussy lips and she was then able to feel her ring piercings in each pussy lip.

Summer continued to concentrate on the screen as she felt a hand lightly touch her shoulder. Summer let out a soft moan at the touch of her young master. The hand slowly massaged her shoulder and then worked its way up along her neck. The hand moved up and down her neck pausing every so often to massage a different area. 

The soft touching of her young master's hand allowed Summer to relax further and she began to concentrate on the fingering of her clit. She pushed her legs further apart forcing the hem of her skirt further upwards where it no longer covered her red thong. Her fingers started slowly and then began to build up speed in stimulating her clit.

The woman on the screen began to moan even more loudly and Summer was amazed that any sound could escape from her lips based on the size of the cock being shoved down her throat. Summer watched as the man fucking her ass grabbed each of the woman's hips and he began a vicious assault on her ass. Summer concentrated on the cocks as they pumped in and out of the woman on the screen. The cocks looked like they were ten feet long and the heads were buried deeply into the woman.

Summer's fingering pace was quicker as she drew closer to orgasm. She had slid her left hand down and had pulled the crotch of her thong to the side which gave her full access to her clit. Out of the corner of her eye, Summer noticed that her young master was positioned facing her, but that one hand was slowly stroking his cock while the other was propped on the seat in front of him. Summer then realized that the hands massaging her neck and shoulders were those of another man.

Summer tensed at the realization and took her hand away from her sopping wet pussy. This action caused an immediate rebuke from her young master, "Slut, keep stroking my cunt. Do you hear me?"

"Yes Master T," was Summer's only reply as she closed her eyes to comply with her young master's direction.

The men that had gathered around Summer heard her response and immediately the hands of the men became more aggressive. The man that had been massaging her neck, slid up and grasped her newly styled hair and pulled it backwards pinning her head to the back of the chair. The man on her right reached over and began massaging Summer's right breast while a man behind her reached over the seat and began massaging her left breast. Summer felt a hand on her right leg and she opened her eyes to see three men sitting in front of her. Summer now had at least six strange men sitting within arm's length of her under the watchful eye of her young master.

The attention and the degradation were having the now normal effect on Summer. Her body began to react to the strange hands caressing her body. She felt the hands on her breasts reach inside and find her erect nipples. By moving their hands inside the tight white tube top, the top fell below her breasts fully exposing them to the hands as well as the men's eyes. When her top slipped down, Todd noticed the increased attention that the men surrounding Summer were exhibiting. Men were leaning in to look or standing near to her to get a better view. The men playing with her breasts were pulling on the piercings stretching Summer's nipples. The men in the row in front of Summer pulled her knees further apart so that all the men could get a better view of her playing with herself.

One of the men sitting nearby said to Todd, "So you are her master. What does she do for you?"

"My slut does everything I tell her to do," answered Todd.

In anticipation of the next question, "Don't you slut," Todd asked his teacher.

"Yes Master T," was the poor teacher's response.

"Well make her stand up so we can get a better look at the slut then," came another voice from the crowd.

Summer heard the call, but hoped beyond hope that her young master would not heed the call. In an attempt to stave of being forced to stand before all of these men, Summer began to stroke her clit in earnest. She hoped that if she brought herself to orgasm, even without Todd's approval, she would be saved from the humiliation of being presented to the group of strange men.

But, alas, Summer's fears were realized when she heard, "Yes. I think that that is a great idea. My slut loves showing off. Stand up slut so everyone can see you."

Summer hesitated ever so slightly. She felt a strong grip on her left arm that still held her thong to the side and it was pulled upwards. The grip was tight and in a twisting manner, her hand pulled away from the crotch of her soaked thong. Summer's arm was pulled forward by her young master and then upwards. Summer had no choice but to follow the pull of her arm until she stood in the dark theater for the gathered men to see her. The light from the screen illuminated the teacher and the men got a terrific view of her exposed breasts and red thong crotch or her ass with the thin material of her thong pulled tightly between her ass cheeks.

There was a low murmur in the group of 10 or so men that had gathered around Summer. There were more men in the theater than that based on the number of cars that had been in the parking lot, but only these ten had been brazen enough to work their way into the couples' only section.

"Make her take that skirt and top off so we can see that beautiful slut's body," another man called out.

"Go ahead slut, you heard the man," Todd advised.

Summer not knowing what else she could do but to slip her thumbs in the waist band of her black spandex skirt and work it down over her hips. Summer worked the skirt past her thighs and had to bend over to work the skirt completely down her legs. Summer bent at the waist, which placed her ass in the direct line view of the men that had gathered in the row behind her. While bent over at the waist, her head rested against the back of the seat in front of her. She used the seat for balance as she struggled to slip her feet still laced into the platform heels through the skirt. Summer could feel men stroking her hair as well as her ass as she was displayed in the bent position.

Summer stood back up and handed her skirt to her young master who simply said, "Now the top slut."

Summer used both hands to grasp the tube top and pull it over her head. As it slipped past her nipples, it lingered there just a slight moment until Summer was able to ease the top over her erect and pierced nipples until she pulled it over her head. Summer handed the top to her young master and stared straight ahead at the action on the screen. The woman was now lying down on top of one man with a cock buried in her pussy and the second man had mounted her from behind jamming his massive cock into the woman's ass.

Summer just stood in the row of seats with men gathering around her with her breasts bouncing with every sharp, deep breath she took. The impact of the humiliation and being placed on exhibition was being felt directly in her pussy. She did not move nor did she look to her young master for guidance. She only stared at the screen awaiting the inevitable instructions that would further degrade and humiliate her in front of more strange men. Summer did not understand how her body could be reacting the way it was, but she felt her breathing pick up and her nipples seemed to harden even more. Without instructions from her young master, Summer slid her right hand from her side inside the front of her red thong panties.

The men continued to watch the sexy woman looking for any kind of signal from the young man sitting next to her. Todd just watched as Summer's hand disappeared into the thin material of her red thong. He saw a quick intake of breathe when it was apparent that her fingers found her clit. It was time for him to give her instructions so he could further install in the teacher's mind that she was his to order as he saw fit.

Todd knew that the movie, the humiliation that he was subjecting his slut teacher too was only making her more excited. Todd knew that all he had to do was nudge the teacher just a little further by applying more degrading directions and she would lose herself in the humiliating environment of the theater. Todd's goal was to continue Summer's training in understanding that she was his slave and that she would do anything he told her to do immediately. Todd, though quite young, understood Summer's mindset and he had be able to learn how much of a submissive she really was. All that on-line reading of stories and internet sites had been right.

"Slut, take your hand out of your panties. Who told to rub my pussy," Todd asked.

Summer immediately withdrew her hand from her panties. She left a trail of moisture on her tight lower abdomen as her fingers left her pussy. "Suck that juice off of your fingers slut," Todd ordered.

Summer paused ever so slightly and drew a firm rebuke, "Do it now slut or I will leave you her with these men and let them fuck you to death."

Summer immediately raised her fingers and placed them into her mouth. Summer began to suck them as she had been instructed. She continued to take in the action on the screen and was mesmerized by the size of the cocks that were pounding into the blonde's pussy and asshole at the same time. The men around her stared intently at the woman stripped to her thong and heels at the direction of her young master. Hands began to reach out and fondle Summer's body.

"Suck my cock slut," Todd said to his slut teacher.

Summer pulled her fingers from her mouth and bent over at the waist and took her young master's cock into her mouth. Summer's legs were pressed against the back of the chair from the row in front of her and the bottom of the chair on her row that had folded up when she stood to take her spandex skirt as well as her white tube top off.

The moment that her master's cock hit the back of her throat, Summer felt it begin to jerk and she felt his hot jism splashing against the back of her throat. Summer was surprised by how quickly her young master had cum, but she thought that she would be spared further humiliation because he had cum.

"Don't swallow it slut. I want you to hold it in your mouth. Stand up now and let these men see how you like to take cum in your mouth," Todd ordered. Todd continued, "Stand up, open your mouth and turn around to show all of these strange men my cum in your mouth slut."

Summer paused for just a moment. She had thought that the quick cum of her young master would end her humiliation. But, it was apparent to Summer that her humiliation was only beginning. She felt hands on her ass pulling her so that she began to turn in the aisle. She opened her mouth, leaned her head back slightly and gave the strangers a good view of a mouthful of cum.

As Summer turned, men touched her breasts, pulled on her nipple piercings, squeezed her ass cheeks and one man was bold enough to slip his finger into her pussy for a brief moment. Summer was becoming alarmed as she thought she counted twenty men surrounding her.

Once she had made a complete circle Summer heard, "Ok slut swallow your master's cum."

Summer tilted her head back just a bit further and allowed her young master's cum to easily slip down her throat. Summer licked her lips to make sure that she had gotten all of her young master's cum.

Still standing, Summer heard her next instruction, "Slut, turn around and face the movie screen. Place your hands on the back of the chair in front of you."

Summer turned slowly making sure that she did not stumble and lose her balance in the aisle The worst thing she thought about was falling on the floor and landing in cum. As she complied with her young master's demand, Summer noticed that the men in the row in front her all had their paints unzipped and they were stroking erect cocks. Next, Summer felt hands on her hips with fingers finding the thin side straps of her red thong and then pulling the thong down over her hips. The hands continued to pull the thong down her legs until it was between her ankles hovering just above the floor of the theater.

"Spread your legs slut," was her next command.

Summer spread her legs slowly and carefully. Her legs stretched outwardly until the material of her thong prevented her from spreading her legs any further. Summer was now propped against the seat back in front of her with her red thong panties stretched tightly between her ankles. Her pussy and ass were fully visible to the men in the row behind her. Summer felt fingers sliding down her ass crack as well as hands squeezing her ass cheeks.

The men in front of her continued to stroke their cocks only inches from Summer's face. "Slut, look at those cocks right there in front of you," Todd ordered.

Summer concentrated on balancing with her hands as the men behind her were becoming more aggressive in touching her. Fingers were invading her pussy and a finger was slowly being inserted into her asshole. A man directly in front of her grabbed both sides of her head and pulled her forward until his cock slipped between Summer's lips. Summer tried to pull away, but she felt a hand on the back of her head and then heard, "Slut, enjoy the cocks."

Summer was being groped by so many hands at this point that her body was in stimulation overdrive. She had men pulling on her nipples, fingers in her pussy, a finger in her ass, a cock in her mouth and cocks all around her. The strange men were taking the teacher over the edge once more. Summer felt a cock positioned at the entrance to her pussy when she heard, "If you do not have a condom, do not even think about it. If you don't have one, you can just jack off on my slut as she likes to feel cum on her body."

Summer was relieved that her young master was protecting her, but she ached to have a cock in her pussy. Summer pushed back towards the cock as I pulled away from her pussy. Unfortunately, the man did not come prepared to fuck a slut in the theater today.

The cock in her mouth began to saw in and out rapidly forcing its way deeper into Summer's throat with each thrust. Summer heard Todd speak a little louder to the group this time, "Men, this is my slut and you will respect her. She is here at my direction and it is for my pleasure that we are here. She is my slave and enjoys humiliation at the hands of strangers. You may do anything to her so long as you do not cum inside of her or leave permanent marks on her body."

Summer felt a cock at the entrance to her pussy. She could feel the mushroom head push inside her pussy and she suddenly became concerned with safety. She pulled off of the cock that was pushed into her mouth and asked, "Master T, does he have a condom on?"

"Yes slut he has a condom on his fat cock," came Todd's reply.

With that, the man previously fucking Summer's face grabbed her newly styled hair and pulled her mouth back onto his cock. Summer was now impaled on two cocks that were working in conjunction with each other just like the woman on the screen had been subjected to. When one thrust into her body, she was forced onto the other cock. The two cocks got into a rhythm and soon Summer was rocketing towards her first theater orgasm.

True to Todd's instructions, the cock in Summer's mouth was pulled out and it erupted onto her face, in her hair and on her neck. Summer could feel the man fucking her from behind quicken his pace as he drew nearer and nearer to his orgasm. Summer's orgasm had subsided when the cock in her mouth was pulled out. But, she only had to wait a few moments before another cock filled her mouth. This cock was smaller in circumference than the first cock, but it was at least four inches longer. The head of the new cock easily slid to the back of her throat and Summer had to fight the urge to gag.

The man fucking Summer from behind grabbed both of her hips and started fucking her in earnest. His cock pulled her pussy lips inside her pussy with each thrust. She knew that the ring piercings in each of her lips were rubbing against the shaft of the cock as it was fucked in and out of her. Suddenly, the cock erupted inside Summer's pussy though completely encased in the required condom.

For the next several hours, Summer's pussy was filled with cocks of varying sizes. She could not see who was fucking her from behind because the cocks kept being forced into her mouth with load after load of cum hitting her face, hair and neck.

There was a brief pause in the assault on her body and Summer was forced to stand up and then forced back into the seat beside her young master. Her panties were removed from her ankles and then her legs were draped over the arms of the chair. Todd gripped Summer's left leg while the man on her right held her right leg. Summer watched as a man stepped over the row in front of her, knelt down between her legs and then use his tongue on her abused pussy.

This sudden tender touching caused Summer to moan loudly and men standing on either side of her in the row behind her continued stroking their cocks as they watched the man licking her pussy. Todd and the man to her right began pulling and twisting each of Summer's nipples. The man kneeling between her legs began to fuck his tongue in and out of Summer's stretched hole. The man then slid his tongue up her slit until it reached Summer's clit. He was surprised to find it very erect and when his tongue flicked the end of the slut's clit he felt her erupt in orgasm.

As Summer came, so did the men on either side of her. Gobs of hot jism shot from strange men's cocks landed on Summer's neck, breasts and stomach. The man kneeling between Summer's legs quickly raised out of the way to make sure that he was not bombarded by the semen erupting from the cocks.

"Slut, finger your clit and cum for me," Todd ordered.

Summer's right hand quickly moved down to her pussy and she began to make quick circular motions to stimulate her clit. Summer slid forward slightly to stretch her legs and to give her the ability to fuck her hips up and down as her finger manipulated her clit. Summer felt an object at the mouth of her pussy and when it jumped to life, she knew that her young master was inserting her black vibrating egg into her pussy. The insertion of the egg, the stimulation of her clit, the stranger's eyes watching, the pulling of her nipples, the cocks rubbing against her neck and head caused Summer's body to erupt in orgasm again.




Todd released Summer's left leg and stood up. He motioned to the men around Summer and they all started aiming their cocks at the slut teacher. In a matter of moments, Summer's entire chest was covered in the cum of twenty strangers who had been watching the teacher play with herself, suck cocks or had been fucked by cocks. Summer had continued to rub her pussy because the egg continued to vibrate deep inside her. As more and more cum from the strangers flowed onto her body, the more intense was Summer's desire to have an orgasm. Her body went into almost a continuous orgasm as man after man dumped his hot load of cum onto the teacher.

Todd just stood in the aisle watching his slut perform for as well as submit to the demands of her young master.

Summer came so hard and so many times that she finally lapsed into unconsciousness. Todd let her lay there in the seat of the dark theater as the last of the men completed their orgasms dumping the last cum onto his slut teacher.

Todd was able to get a couple of the men to escort her out of the theater and into the parking lot. Todd opened the passenger door and had the men put the teacher in the car seat. Todd fastened the seatbelt around his teacher's naked and cum covered body, backed the car out of the parking lot and drove to the house that his slut shared with her husband.

Todd knew that Summer's body would never forget the explosions of orgasms forced onto it by the surroundings, the men and the humiliation of being degraded in public. Next on the agenda was the appointment with Marcos on Sunday at 1:00 PM for Summer's tattoos and new piercings.

When they arrived at Summer's house, Todd woke her. He got her out of the car and walked her through the garage and into the house. It was almost 9:00 PM and his slut was completely exhausted as well as completely covered in cum. Todd made Summer climb the stairs and told her to go into her bathroom. Todd followed her with his digital camera. He wanted to document the stains of her degradation.

As Summer entered the bathroom, Todd made her pause and turn to face him. Summer's eyes were blinded by the sudden flash of the camera. Todd was able to fully document her degradation and humiliation for posterity. "I have got to set up a website for all of these shots. I bet I can make a million dollars with a paid site," Todd said to himself.

"Ok slut you may take a hot shower. Once you are finished you are to put on your slut thong and nothing else," were Todd's instructions.

Once she stepped into the shower, Todd went downstairs to make himself a sandwich and get a couple of Corona beers. As he reached the top of the stair landing, he heard the water turn off in the shower. He stepped into the bedroom and he could hear Summer crying loudly and saying to herself, "Oh God what have I done. I have become such a slut."

Todd walked into the bathroom and handed Summer one of the Coronas. "Here drink this slut," Todd said to the defeated teacher.

Once Summer finished her dinner, Todd watched as she slipped on one of her white lace slut thongs. Todd then placed the fur lined hand cuffs on Summer's wrists, forced her to lay down next to the bed she shared with her husband and he attached the teacher's ankles to the spreader bar. Next Todd attached the handcuffs to the chain that connected to the spreader bar. Todd rolled Summer over onto her back and watched as the slut teacher was asleep in seconds.

Barb worked her way around behind Summer and started massaging the now reddening ass cheeks of the teacher. She began to spank Summer again as she was being forced to take more and more of Mike's cock. Summer was being rocked back and forth by Mike's thrusts. As a result, each time she was forced back, Summer felt the sting of Barb's hands on one of her ass cheeks.



