Summer's Blackmail Ch. 21
bywilcox010©
Summer Wayne is a 40 year old married high school Senior English teacher that is being blackmailed by one of her students. She is required to call him Master T and she is completely under his control. In just a little over eleven days, Master T has had each of Summer's nipples pierced, each of her pussy lips is adorned with ring piercings and her left ear has been pierced with a large loop earring that includes three red beads that signifies to Master T that she is his. Summer has had her hair cut into a much younger cut that barely reaches her neck, it is jagged in style and her hair has received extensive highlighting to further change her appearance. Her fingernails have been lengthened by acrylic nails of almost ¾ inches in length and painted a bright red to match her toenails. She has been subjected to more public humiliation in a bar near the hair salon at the hands of a boat salesman, bartender and many men at the Adult Theater last night. Summer has no way to know, but today she will receive additional piercings, five tattoos and additional humiliations.........thanks to my friends for recommendations/suggestions for story lines especially Mike, Jack, John, Rebecca, Dr. Johnson, Susan and Elly.

Summer awakened with that all too familiar angst in her stomach and head. She was lying on her back with her hands cuffed, ankles chained and cuffed to the spreader bar. She could hear the shower running in her bathroom and remembered that her young master had taken her home. She was being made to sleep on the floor in her own bedroom and there was nothing that she could do about it. She was a slut to the young master and her body craved submitting to his directions as her body ached to be relieved by orgasm. Her pussy was wet and Summer could feel the thin material of her white slut thong pulled tightly between her pussy lips.

Summer heard the water in the shower turn off and the glass door open then close. She waited there on the floor of her own bedroom while her young master made himself right at home in her bathroom. Summer's arms and wrists were aching. She could only feel her hands because they were pressed up against the small of her back while cuffed together and chained to the spreader bar to which both of her ankles were attached. Summer soon realized that her bladder was quite full and she needed to go to the bathroom very soon.

Master T continued to dry himself with his slut teacher's Egyptian cotton bath towels. Once he was satisfactorily dried, Todd put on the terry cloth robe of his slut teacher's husband. Todd then slipped his feet into the matching terry cloth slippers. Todd then went about his business of shaving, putting moisturizer on his face, combing his hair and taking advantage of Summer's husband's toiletries. Once he was finished, Todd padded across the slate tile floor of the bathroom and walked into the bedroom.

There on the floor next to the bed, still bound lay his slut teacher. Todd could see between her legs and noticed the thin material of her white slut thong crotch pulled tightly between the teacher's pussy lips. In this position, Todd could easily see the ring piercings in each of the teacher's pussy lips. "I cannot wait to see how Marcos pierces my slit's clit today with bar bell jewelry that matches the pieces in her nipples," Todd thought to himself.

"Good morning slut. How are you feeling this morning," Todd asked the prone and bound teacher.

"Good morning Master T. I feel ok this morning, but I really need to use the bathroom," Summer responded.

"Well, let's get you released from those bindings and up off of your floor slut," Todd replied.

Todd then went to the Summer's husband's dresser and retrieved the chain that held the key to the hand cuffs as well as the ankle cuffs. Todd walked back to his slut teacher and just gazed down on her beauty as he envisioned how she might respond to the needles, ink and humiliation that was scheduled for her this afternoon. He immediately felt his young cock begin to rise under her husband's robe. Todd parted the robe and knelt down over the teacher's body, which allowed him to poke his cock directly at the teacher's mouth. Without prompting, Summer accepted the cock as it slid between her lips. She felt her young master's hands grab the sides of her head as he began to pump his cock in and out of her mouth.

This was only a morning tease for Todd. He just wanted to reinforce his dominance over the teacher and to continue her submissiveness to his demands as well as his needs. Todd could feel the teacher's mouth sucking the head of his cock each time he buried it almost to her throat. He did not want to cum, but Summer was making a pretty good effort to suck the cum right out of her young master's cock.

Summer felt her juices flowing already this early Sunday morning. Her mind had been flashing back to the salon, the bar, the bathroom and the theater. Now her young master was feeding her a cock and Summer's body was reacting to the need to please. Though her hands were tied, Summer still tried to work free from her bindings, but to no avail. She had even forgotten about the morning urge to empty her bladder. All that matter to the teacher was satisfying her need to please her young master. Summer began to suck for all she was worth, while her young master used his hands to manipulate her mouth over his cock.

Summer was bringing Todd to the edge and he was not ready to cum this early in the day. He had lots of plans for his slut teacher and giving her a load of cum this early was not part of the plan. "Ok slut, stop sucking my cock," Todd ordered.

As Todd pulled his cock out of the most and hot mouth he heard, "Master T, please give me your cum this morning. I want it badly," the teacher pleaded.

"Slut, we have a long day ahead of us and you will get all the cum you need," Todd told the teacher.

Todd was finally able to pull his cock out of the vice like grip of the teacher's mouth. Todd then unfastened the cuffs on his slut teacher's ankles, turned her over and then unlocked the fur lined cuffs from her wrists. "Slut, go and use the bathroom. Put on your slut collar and lease. Then join me in the kitchen," Todd ordered.

With that, Todd padded out of the bedroom leaving the slut teacher still sitting on the floor. Summer watched as her young master exited her bedroom and then she suddenly remembered that she needed to go to the bathroom. Summer jumped up and ran to the bathroom. Summer was barely able to pull her thong down and sit on the toilet before her body began to cleanse itself. Summer was not sure she was allowed, but she jumped into the shower to get the feel and taste of Saturday off of her body. She quickly scrubbed her neck, chest, stomach, legs, ass and her face. She felt like she had several coats of cum blasted all over her.

Once she turned off the water, Summer felt like she could face the day. She was concerned about her young master's comment about receiving all the cum she would need today. "I wonder what his plans are for me today," the teacher thought to herself. It was only 8:00 AM on Sunday, but it felt like she had slept for a week. Her body had been so tired when she finally arrived home from the theater. Summer could not remember how many orgasms she experienced on Saturday, but her body was reminding her that she craved orgasms and she needed her young master's permission to cum soon.

Summer slipped on another lace white thong panty. Summer reached into her teacher bag to retrieve her white rhinestone slut collar and she fastened it around her neck. Next she slipped her tired feet into the six inch white slut heels that she was required to wear around the house. Summer then fished the white leather leash that matched her slut collar out of her teacher's bag and then fastened it to her collar. Next Summer quickly fluffed her hair and reapplied her make-up in the manner her young master required. The finishing touch was the application of the fuck me now red lipstick that was her standard color of submission.

Summer checked her body and make-up once more in the full length mirror on the wall of the bathroom. Satisfied that her young master would be pleased, the submissive teacher padded across the Berber carpet of the bedroom that she used to share with her husband, but now she shared with her young master.

As Summer reached the top of the stairs, she could hear music from the kitchen. The station was not one she was familiar with, but it had the rhythm and beat that she overheard in the hallways of the school. "How can the kids today listen to that kind of music," Summer mumbled to herself.

Summer loved Sundays with her husband James. He would always get up early, brew flavored coffee for her and then he would prepare a delightful breakfast for her. James always let Summer lounge on Sundays as it was her day to fully relax before the beginning of the new school week. "Oh how I miss James," Summer thought to herself.

The moment her white slut heels hit the bottom step Summer heard, "Slut where the fuck are you?"

"Right here Master T," Summer said as she entered the kitchen area.

"Well it is about time you got your ass down her slut," Todd said to her.

"Take off that collar, leash and your slut shoes. It is time for you to weigh," Todd commanded.

Without hesitation, Summer slipped one foot then the other out of her six inch white slut heels. Summer then reached up and unclasp her white rhinestone slut collar and placed it on the counter top with the leash still attached to the collar.

"Step up on these scales slut. And you better have lost those five pounds like I told you to," Todd harshly said to his teacher slut.

Summer stepped up on the scales and saw the number in horror. She had starved herself all week and she had only lost three of the required five pounds. "Master T, I do not understand. I have starved myself all week except for the two donuts you made me eat," Summer said to her young master.

"You are sneaking food while I am not with you slut. Now you must pay the price. Put your heels, collar and leash back on. Meet me in your basement when you had done that," Todd said angrily.

Of course Todd had manipulated the digital scale so that Summer's weight would not be accurately reflected on the scale. In fact, Todd noted that his slut teacher had actually lost seven pounds and he attributed that to how he had kept her constantly serving his every whim. 

Once Todd reached the bottom of the stairs leading down to the basement he turned and hollered, "Hurry the fuck up slut. We have a busy day and you need to move your ass."

Todd smiled to himself knowing that after he made the slut walk the two miles on a 5 degree grade she would be physically exhausted. But, he intended for her to make his breakfast, clean the kitchen and fetch the paper before she would be allowed to eat anything. He was going to spike her coffee with a small dose of the Rohypnol (commonly referred to as a roofie) as well as the water Summer would be required to drink all morning. Marcos had said that Todd needed to administer small dosages through-out the morning so that by 2:00 PM, Summer would be slightly incapacitated so that the tattooing process would go smoother. It was Todd and Marcos' plan that once they started the body art process, Summer would be relaxed, but would be able to feel the pain inflicted by the tattoo needles as well as the piercings in her clit, navel and ears.

Todd's plan for Summer was to get her accustomed to pain and submission so that each reinforced the other. He felt like Summer was making terrific progress and that she was responding more readily to his commands. Todd had also noticed that the teacher was becoming more and more compliant with directions of others, which pleased him.

Todd heard Summer's heels on the steps as she made her way down into the basement. Todd planned to force Summer to walk at a fairly brisk pace, but one that would not cause her to fall on the treadmill. He did intend to fasten the leash to the front of the machine so that she would be forced to stay upright and not risk falling.

"Slut, you have forced me to discipline you because you have not lost the required five pounds. This morning you will walk two miles on the treadmill to instill some discipline in your life so that you will follow directions," Todd said to the teacher.

"Master T, I know I have lost weight this week. My skirts all feel loose around my hips. Please don't punish me," Summer begged.

"Get your ass up on the treadmill and let's get you started on working off those extra pounds," Todd commanded.

Todd watched as Summer hesitated and then reached down to slip off her heels. "Who told you to take your slut heels off slut," Todd asked.

"But Master T, I thought you were going to let me wear my tennis shoes to walk," said the surprised teacher.

"First of all slut, you don't think. You do as you are told, when you are told to do it and how you are told to do it. Understand slut," Todd said hatefully.

"Now get up on the treadmill and let's get started," Todd ordered.

Summer reached up to unfasten her collar when her hand was suddenly slapped away from her neck. "Who the fuck told you to take your collar off slut," Todd angrily said.

"Master T I am sorry," was all Summer could say.

Summer stepped up on the treadmill and placed her hands on the front grips of the machine. She watched as her young master started the machine and was pleased that it was a slow pace. Summer was not sure she could walk very long on the treadmill with her feet encased in the six inch slut heels.

"Now slut, this is a warm up pace so that you can get used to walking briskly in your slut heels. We will turn up the speed after a five minute warm up," Todd said.

With that, Todd reached up, unfastened the white lease from Summer's slut collar. Todd looped the leash through the handle bar of the tread mill and then put the fastening end through the loop end of the leash and then refastened the leash to Summer's collar. Summer was now fastened to the treadmill with her leash, which was fastened to her slut collar.

Summer tried her best to get into a rhythm with the machine, but walking in the white six inch heels was difficult. Todd sat in a chair behind the teacher and watched as she walked slowly on the treadmill. He was going to punish the teacher in a few minutes for not losing the weight as required even though she actually had lost more than the five pounds he had required. Todd smiled to himself as he knew that his punishment only served to make his teacher slut more compliant with his demands and he knew she was beginning to crave satisfying men and their cocks. It was amazing to Todd that only eleven days or so ago, he had received the communication from his English teacher that contained the picture of forcing a black dildo into her pussy and that it showed her face. He had been very fortunate to say the least.

When the ding of the timer indicated that Summer's five minute warm up was completed, Todd walked back over to the front of the machine. "Ok slut, you will be walking two miles at a fairly even pace, but you will be on a 5 degree grade. That should get you started on a nice sweat. I will come back down in 30 minutes," Todd said as he completed initializing the program of the treadmill.

Immediately, the machine jumped to life and Summer was caught off guard by the quick acceleration of the tread. Summer grabbed the front handle bars in earnest to keep from falling down and strangling herself. As she grew accustomed to the speed, Summer had to dig her heels into the soft material of the treadmill to be able to keep up with the increasing grade. The speed of the treadmill and the grade of the platform was beginning to have a harsh impact on the poor teacher now in only the initial stages of the two mile walk. Summer struggled to keep pace with the machine while also concentrating on not falling down and having the tread drag her backwards which would cause her collar to become too tight around her neck.

Suddenly Todd reappeared in the basement and he had two sets of handcuffs. He fastened one set of cuffs to Summer's left wrist and then to the handle bar of the machine. Todd repeated the same procedure on Summer's right hand. "Now slut, you will not be tempted to unfasten your collar," Todd hollered over his shoulder as he bolted out of the basement.

"Please Master T, I cannot keep up the pace on the treadmill," Summer said over her shoulder not knowing that her plea fell on deaf ears.

Summer realized that with her hands cuffed to the treadmill she was being forced to grip the handle bars more tightly and her heels were dragging across the surface of the tread pad. So, Summer broke into a quick step jaunt, which was not really running but a very fast paced walk. Soon, Summer got into a comfortable rhythm and was able to relax just a bit. Summer looked down and she had been walking only 10 minutes and had barely made a quarter of a mile. Summer calculated as she knew that when she was in her running shoes and not strapped to her machine, she would be able to do a mile in 13 to 14 minutes. At this pace she would be almost an hour and a half on the treadmill in her slut heels. She did not know if she could make that distance at this grade in her slut heels.

Todd edged down the stairs to the landing on the basement floor. He was directly behind his slut teacher as she walked briskly on the treadmill while attached by her collar and hand cuffs to the handle bars. He noticed that Summer was struggling to keep up. Todd smiled to himself and noted that it had been thirty minutes and he figured that his slut teacher had another 45 minutes of agony.

Todd went back upstairs and finished getting dressed. He then laid out Summer's clothes for the day that he had found in Summer's closet. He knew that she was going to be quite sore and that there would be some residual blood from the tattoos. So, Todd selected a black cotton dress that snapped all the way from the hem to the "V" of the dress that was quite short, but should be adequate for the day. Todd also selected Summer's black four inch ankle strap heels. For the trip to Marcos, Todd also laid Summer's black tanning thong next to the dress as well as a matching black lace shelf bra. That would be his desired outfit for the unsuspecting teacher.

Todd's plans were for a quick trip to the tanning salon where the tanning thong would be utilized. While in the tanning bed, Summer would experience multiple orgasms that would be derived via the black vibrating egg as well as the pink butt plug that she would be wearing right up until she stripped for Marcos.

Todd looked at his watch and noticed that Summer's exercise period had about 20 more minutes before completion. Todd walked back downstairs and took a bottle of water out of the refrigerator. Todd opened the bottle and per Marcos' instructions, placed six drops of the roofie mixture into the bottle. The liquid would have sort of a salty taste, so Todd, at Marcos' suggestion, poured the liquid Five hour energy juice flavoring into the bottle. Todd resealed the bottle, shook it to make sure that both liquids mixed completely with the water and then he went back down stairs.

As Todd approached Summer on the treadmill, he noticed that her body was covered in sweat. When Todd walked around to the front of the machine he could see Summer's face covered in sweat. The hair on her forehead was totally wet and the hair that touched her neck was also wet.

"Slut, are you about to pass out," Todd asked the teacher.

"Master T, please stop the machine. I promise to make the weight. Master T I just don't know how much longer I can go," Summer pleaded almost breathlessly.

"Well slut I will tell you how much longer you can go. You have 18 minutes on the timer," Todd replied.


Todd then increased the speed on the treadmill forcing his teacher slut to begin a trot in her six inch white slut heels. The sweat was beginning to pour off of the poor teacher and she began to breath quite loudly as she struggled to keep up with the pace of the machine.

"Slut when I give you a direction you are to follow it to the letter immediately. I cannot believe that you so blatantly avoided losing the five pounds that you had been required to achieve," Todd said.

"Walk harder slut," Todd commanded as he increased the grade to 6 degrees.

Summer was really struggling with the speed, but the grade was making her calves and feet hurt terribly. She almost stumbled, but she caught herself against the handle bar of the treadmill. Sweat was running down her face between her breasts dripping onto the treadmill platform. Todd could see Summer's hands turning red from squeezing the handle bars so tightly.

Todd then switched the incline back down to zero, but increased the speed of the treadmill. Summer had to continue to jog, but she did not feel like she was walking up one of the hills in her subdivision.

Finally the beeper sounded indicating that Summer had made the two mile walk in her high heels. Her body was shaking from the exertion and the sweat gave proof that the work-out had been a tough one.

Once the machine stopped, Summer bent over at the waist and rested her head on the handle bar. Todd was standing behind his slut teacher and could see the sweat slipping between the teacher's ass cheeks. Todd then released the handcuffs that had bound his slut teacher to the treadmill and he then unfastened the leash from the rhinestone collar. Summer stepped gingerly down onto the carpeted floor of the basement and braced herself against the treadmill.

Todd handed the mixture of bottled water to the exhausted teacher and told her to drink up. While she was drinking, Todd told her that it was 9:30 AM and then asked, "Doesn't your husband call you at 10:00 AM on Sunday mornings slut?"

"Yes Master T," Summer replied after a particularly long drain from the bottle of water.

Summer thought the water tasted a little funny, but it was refreshing so she continued to drink the tainted water. Once finished, Summer tried to sit down to rest. "No rest for the weary slut," was Todd's next words to his slut teacher.

"Get upstairs, fix my breakfast and then fetch the paper," Todd said.

Summer rushed upstairs and prepared eggs, bacon, fruit and toast for her young master. Summer poured him a glass of cold orange juice as well as a piping hot cup of coffee with the one scoop of sugar and slight amount of milk like he required. When Todd sat down to enjoy his slut prepared breakfast, he said, "Slut, go and fetch my paper."

"But Master T, I do not have my robe downstairs," Summer replied.

"Well slut, you should have thought about that. Now get outside and fetch the paper like the bitch slut you are," Todd commanded.

Resigned to another round of humiliation, Summer headed for the hallway leading away from the kitchen area of the home she shared with her husband. As she reached the foyer of her home, Summer realized that her situation was only getting worse. She was now subjected to full time directions from her young master as he has made himself at home in the house that she shared with her husband James. She knew that her two sons were coming home on Friday for homecoming and she was hopeful that Master T would at least give her the weekend off from servitude while her children were in the house.

As Summer's feet both landed on the parquet hardwood flooring of the foyer area, she heard her young master, "Slut, get your ass moving and get me the paper."

Summer was only dressed in her white lace thong, slut white six inch heels and of course her white rhinestone studded slut collar with the engraved plate. Summer looked around, but did not see her short, sheer robe that she had previously been allowed to wear when it appeared that she would be seen by someone other than her young master. "Master T, may I please wear my robe outside to retrieve the newspaper," Summer asked her young master.

"Slut the paper is on the front porch. Go and fetch it as no one will see you," Todd replied.

Summer paused ever so slightly and heard, "Do it now slut!"

Resigned again to more humiliation, Summer took another long drink from the tainted water bottle. She was so thirsty and her legs as well as her feet were aching. Todd could hear his teacher's heels click along the floor as she made her way to the front door. Todd had already taken the liberty of moving the paper off of the front porch and had thrown it down the walkway almost to the driveway that led into the garage. He was not sure who would be able to see her from the street, but just the sheer possibility led him to smile intensely to himself.

As Summer reached the front door, she noticed that there was no paper on the stoop of the porch. As she opened the door to look for the paper, she did not see it immediately. "I said get the fucking paper slut," Todd hollered from the kitchen.

Summer made sure that the doorknob was not locked and she left it standing open as she stepped out onto the front porch. She looked cautiously to her left trying to make sure that her next door neighbor, Mr. Johnson was not sitting on his front porch sipping his morning coffee as she sometimes did. To her relief, Summer did not see him there.

Summer walked swiftly across the porch and as she approached the four steps that led down to the sidewalk, she saw the paper almost at the driveway, which was a good 25 feet from the front stoop. Summer stepped off of the stoop and walked briskly down the walkway. Summer never looked to her left hoping that by not looking, no one would see her dressed as she was (more specifically not dressed).

Summer reached the end of the walkway, which was the portion of the walkway that was not obscured by the front shrubbery. She was completely exposed to the street so that anyone walking or driving by paying attention could see her dressed as a slut in her own front yard. Summer quickly bent over and picked up the paper. She turned quickly on her heels, made her way back to the front stoop and to the front door, which was now closed as well as locked.

Summer knew what this meant. She remembered that her young master's instructions had been that a slut was not allowed into the house through the front door. She was only allowed to enter her own house through the back door.

Summer was beginning to panic because not only was she risking being seen quite easily because she would have to walk around to the side gate, which was on the other side of the garage, but she was also running out of time to meet the 10:00 AM SKYPE call from her husband.

Summer quickly navigated her way back down the steps, down the walk way and without hesitation bolted in front of the double garage door around to the side gate entrance to the back yard. Summer did not dare look to see if anyone saw her. That was what happened when Mark Freeman, the landscaper, saw her, which led to humiliation as well as sexual submission to him.

Summer was pleased that her heels did not get stuck in the turf of her lawn and she quickly unlatched, opened, stepped through and then re-latched the gate. Summer made her way around the back of the house and stepped up onto the patio only to realize that the lecherous next door neighbor, Mr. Johnson, was sitting on his back deck looking directly at her as she had made her way across the back yard.

Summer did not hesitate as she walked across the patio until she reached the French doors that led into the kitchen of her home. Standing with his arms folded across his chest covered only in her husband's white terrycloth robe, was her young master. He stood there with an evil look on his face. He opened the doors slightly and said to the teacher, "Slut, hand me the paper, strip off your shoes and thong. Bend over the chaise lounge, spread your feet wide and wait for me to join you."

With that, Todd pulled the door closed and made an exaggerated motion to lock the French doors preventing his slut teacher from entering her own home. Todd sat down at the kitchen table with his back to the French doors. He did not even glance to see if his slut was complying with his direction. It was his intention to run her punishment right up to 10:00 AM, which was the time that her husband was to call to skype with Summer this morning. Todd had plans for his slut's appearance as well as her actions while she chatted with her husband.

Summer just stood at the doors and watched as her young master locked the doors. She watched him turn around, pick up his cup of coffee off of the kitchen counter and then he sat down in the chair that her husband James sat in to drink his morning coffee with her each morning. Summer watched as her young master opened the paper and began to thumb through each section until he found the sports section. Summer watched as the high school senior opened the paper and she could see as he turned the pages of the paper.

Summer felt so stupid standing on her own patio clad only in her white six inch slut heels, white lace thong and her white rhinestone studded collar. She also had her ankle bracelet on from the first visit to Marcos' salon. Summer glanced around the patio and she saw the lounge chair that her young master had instructed her to bend over. Todd had arranged the lounge chair so that it faced the fence towards her next door neighbor Mr. Johnson. Summer was sure that once she bent over the back of the lounge chair, she would be in the line of view of her older neighbor. Summer did not like the idea of exposing herself so boldly in her own backyard at the direction of her young master. Summer had no idea what was on her young master's mind, but she knew she had no choice. Summer also realized that it was drawing closer to 10:00 AM, which was when her husband James would be calling to SKYPE with her. Summer knew she had to endure whatever humiliation her young master had in mind for her so that she could get upstairs and be dressed before James' chime rang in his call.

Summer resigned herself to submit to her young master's direction. First she stepped out of the white heels and her feet were thankful after having spent over an hour walking on the treadmill in the six heels. Summer then slipped the white thong easily down her legs and it joined her shoes on the patio surface just outside the French doors. Summer walked over to the chaise lounge and without looking over the fence, bent at the waist so that her body would drape over the back of the teak wood chair. Summer was disappointed to find that the padded cover had been removed. Summer's breasts pressed against the spindles of the back rest of the chair and they actually worked their way between the slats of the chair. Summer noticed a pair of handcuffs attached to each arm of the lounge chair so she knew that she would be bound to the chair for whatever punishment or humiliation her young master had devised.

Summer was thankful that she was not being made to look directly at the fence so she did not know if Mr. Johnson was on his deck or not. Summer was hopeful that because it was a Sunday morning, maybe he might now be gone somewhere and she would not be subjected to the humiliation of knowing her neighbor was watching. Fortunately, Mr. Johnson had gone inside after the brief show in her back yard. Summer was worried that he might come back out and she knew of course Todd had the ability to make his slut teacher worry about it.

Summer was bent over the back of the teak wood chair for about 10 minutes when she heard the lock on her French doors turn. She was relieved that her young master was coming out to dish out whatever punishment he thought she deserved because she had to be in front of her laptop at 10:00 AM, though she really did not know what time it was right then. It was 9:45 AM right then so Todd knew he had 15 minutes to work through some sexual tension as well as punishing his teacher slut for taking a bath without his permission this morning.

As Todd stepped out onto the patio, he was drawn to the teacher's hair as it cascaded over her face. The jagged cut and the nearly white highlights made her look much younger. He could make out the area on the back of her neck where his Master T "MT" initials would be placed later today. The MT design would be similar to the golfer's design, just swapping out the W for an M. The design for the Screaming Eagle for her lower back would take in the thin line formed from the tiny tanning thong. The idea would be that the eagle's lower body would dip down below the line, but the bulk of the eagle and its wings would be above the waist line. Todd's idea is that next spring when his slut is laying out in the yard or at the country club pool, the tramp stamp would be highly visible.

Todd walked up to Summer and ran his hands down her arm until his hands found the handcuffs for the teacher's right wrist. "Master T, I will not move. You don't have to attach the handcuffs. I promise," Summer pleaded. Todd closed the cold steel of the handcuff around Summer's right wrist.

"Well slut, if I thought you would do that, I guess I could leave them off. But you are being punished and I do not want you to move," was Todd's reply.

"Master T, I have done everything you have asked me to do this morning. Why are you punishing me," Summer asked.

"Slut, let me ask you a question," Todd said. "Did you take a shower this morning?"

"Yes Master T. I felt dirty after yesterday at the theater and I thought you would want me to smell great for you," Summer replied.

"So, let me get this straight, slut. You thought I would want you to. Well, you are must be the stupidest English teacher in the world. Who told you to think slut," Todd said as he fastened the steel handcuff to Summer's left wrist.

"But Master T, you did not say I could not take a shower," Summer continued.

"Slut, when are you going to learn that you do not do anything unless instructed to do so or given permission to do so," Todd sternly replied.

"But Master T, I felt so dirty," replied the bound teacher.

"Well slut, we are going to remedy that dirty feeling for you right now," Todd replied.

Summer did not know exactly what that meant until she watched as her young master walked to the side of the patio where the water hose was connected to the exterior faucet. Todd turned the handle to allow for maximum water flow and he noticed that the hand spray attachment was still connected to the hose.

Summer watched as Todd pulled the hose closer and closer to her. Todd positioned himself so that his back was to Mr. Johnson's house. He did not know if the old man could see, but he wanted to make sure that he was able to fully drench his slut teacher's hair.

Todd squeezed the gun handle like trigger and cold water immediately spewed out of the nozzle hitting Summer's hair. Summer let out a loud squeal as the cold water hit her head and body. Todd concentrated the water flow until Summer's hair was completely wet and hanging down over her head. Todd continued to give his slut teacher a patio bath as he walked around her. As he positioned himself between Summer's legs, Todd, using his slipper covered feet to spread Summer's legs. Todd could see Summer's pink rectum winking at him as well as her enlarged pussy lips that were revealing the ring piercings in each one.

Todd aimed the hose at the teacher's ass and began shooting the cold water stream up and down Summer's ass crack, up along her spinal column and then back down to her ass hole. Todd widened the spray on the nozzle so that he could give Summer's body a nice, but cold misting shower.

To finish off his slut, Todd released her from the handcuffs and told her to stand in the middle of the patio with her legs spread wide apart, bent at the waist and hands placed behind her head. In this position, having his slut's ass facing the neighbor's house, Todd could give her pussy a better spray to make sure that his slut was indeed clean from the night before.

Shivering, Summer remained bent at the waist as she heard her young master pull the hose back across the patio. Once he turned the water off, the hose automatically shrunk in size as was advertised on TV. Todd then said to his slut, "Get down on your hands and knees slut."

Summer quickly got down on her hands and knees. Todd then reattached the white collar to the rhinestone collar. Todd gave the leash a hard tug and he headed for the French doors leading into the kitchen. Summer followed along on her hands and knees trying hard to move with her weight distributed on her toes and not her knees. As they reached the French doors, Todd released the leash and motioned for Summer to follow him into the kitchen.

Summer made her way into the kitchen still on her knees. Todd had sat down at the kitchen table, opened James' robe and had begun to stroke his cock. Summer watched as the cock became fully erect in almost no time.

"Ok slut. You know what to do. Take care of this morning woody and then we will go up and talk to your hubby on SKYPE," Todd said.

"Master T I want to suck your cock, but please let me talk to my husband alone today," Summer pleaded.

Summer watched as Todd continued to stroke his cock and by him not answering she knew that she had no choice as her humiliation as well as submission was complete.

Summer crawled the remaining few feet and positioned herself between her young master's legs. Todd pushed his cock downward so that the slit of his cock faced directly at his slut teacher. Summer moved forward, opened her mouth and took the head of her young master into her mouth.

Todd felt the wet hair of his slut teacher as it fell across his legs. He stiffened just a little, but allowed the warmth of the teacher's mouth gain his cock's full attention. Summer quickly got into a rhythm as she tried to make her young master happy but also was attempting to finish of the young man's cock quickly so that she would have time to rush upstairs, freshen up, put clothes on and be ready for her husband's SKYPE ding in just a few minutes.

Todd was in no hurry at cum at the moment, but the morning had been erotic and his teacher slut was becoming more and more submissive understanding her position. Todd knew that his slut teacher still had some misgivings and at times had been unwilling to fully submit. He knew that she was not fully converted to his submissive slut, but he knew it would not be much longer. She was going to have another training session with Bill Fraser and his friends, but that would be in a couple of weeks. But today, his slut was going to receive the permanent markings that indicated her servitude and a constant reminder of what she was as well as who she served.

Todd allowed himself to relax and enjoy the blow job he was receiving from his English teacher. She had learned quite well in the short time that she had been submitting to him. Todd could hear Summer's slurping as well as her low murmurs of desire as her body reacted to not only serving, but also enjoying the pleasure of taking her master's cock into her mouth.

Todd grabbed the sides of his slut teacher's head and began to fuck her up and down his shaft. Summer's hands were positioned on either side of Todd's cock, but she was not allowed to touch his cock with them. She knew from prior experience, she was to make him cum with only her mouth, tongue and lips. Todd was forcibly raising Summer up and down his cock. He knew that there were only a couple of minutes left before his slut teacher would be talking via SKYPE to her out of the country husband. It was Todd's intention to mark his slut teacher with his cum on her face, neck and breasts.


Todd pushed Summer away from his lap and cock as he began to stroke his cock. He was pointing it directly at Summer's face and he knew he was only moments away from an orgasm, which would not be the only one for today. Todd stood up and pushed Summer's forehead so that she was looking up at him as he stroked his cock. He pushed her further backwards so that she was pressed back against her heels.

"Grab your tits and pull on your nipples slut," Todd ordered.

Summer's hands went immediately up to her pierced nipples and she began to twist as well as pull them as she had been instructed. In this position, Summer could see the first drops of precum forming at the slit of her young master's cock. She looked up into his eyes and she saw them staring back at her. At that moment, Todd's cock erupted in orgasm and his cum first splashed onto Summer's neck as well as her chest. Then the next drops of cum made their way down into her cleavage between her pierced breasts. Todd's next eruption of cum found its way onto the right breast and then the left breast of his slut teacher. Summer's fingers still continued to pull her nipples as she squeezed them. The pulling and twisting of her nipples was turning her on even more after having the hot cum of her young master spewed onto her. Todd leaned forward and then wiped the last bit of cum from the end of his cock onto his slut's forehead.

"Okay slut. It is 9:59 AM. We have to rush upstairs and make sure we catch your husband's call," Todd said.

With that, Todd moved from in front of the slut teacher and made his way down the hallway to the stairs. "Come on slut. You do not want to be late," Todd called sarcastically from the first step.

Summer raised up, hurried down the hallway and caught up with her young master. "Master please let me clean up. I cannot let my husband see me without any clothes on with your cum dripping off of my neck and breasts," Summer pleaded.

"Come on slut. Get your ass up here and take his call. We will be brief today as you will tell him that you have an early session at the tanning salon," Todd ordered.

When Summer reached the bedroom, she saw that Todd had placed a chair off at an angle from her laptop. It would be evident to James that she had moved the desk around slightly, but he probably would not notice. Summer also saw that Todd had a note pad as well as a black sharpie.

As Summer approached the desk, she once again pleaded, "Master T, please don't make me chat with my husband like this. I have never done anything like that via skype and I am not sure how he will react."

"Spread my cum all over your nipples slut to make them stick out even more. You can take of your collar if you like," was Todd's only response.

"I will be sitting here listening to your conversation with your husband. I will give you directions as you chat," Todd continued.

All Summer could say was, "Yes Master T," as she took the collar off thankfully.

Summer sat down in front of the lap top and saw that her young master was directly in her line of sight. She figured that James would not notice her eye movements as she read whatever instructions her young master had in mind for her.

Summer quickly took her fingers and scraped off as much of her young master's cum from her neck and forehead as she could. She used her fingers to spread her young master's cum onto her pierced nipples. Summer felt them hardening both from her touch, the piercings as well as the lewd act she was performing in anticipation of her SKYPE call with James. Summer had successfully scraped the visible cum drops from her face, but she could feel streaks of her young master's cum drying. Summer hoped that the drying cum did not leave visible trails on her forehead. She knew that the images would be somewhat blurry, but if James focused on her neck Summer was sure he would be able to make out traces of cum tracks.

Summer felt her body reacting to her touch and the fact that she was being forced to submit to her young master right there in the bedroom she shared with her husband. But, now, she was being forced to share the bedroom with her high school senior master. Summer noticed immediately that her nipples had once again hardened to their full extension. And, the caked on cum from her master only served to keep them erect.

Right then she heard the sound of her black vibrating egg rolling across the desk. Without even waiting on instructions, Summer picked up the egg, spread her legs and she pushed the egg deep into her already flowing pussy. The moment that she took her fingers away from her pussy, Summer felt the egg jump to life. Fortunately, the egg was only set to a low level, which only served to tease her as it massaged the deep inner walls of her pussy.

Summer watched her young master for his reaction to her submission. All she saw were his intense eyes and she knew that he had thoughts that he was not sharing with her. Summer knew that any minute her laptop would reveal the SKYPE conversation with her husband was about to begin. She did not know how she was going to be able to both hide her piercings, but also the fact that she was being manipulated by her young master as she talked.

Todd got up from his chair and walked around the desk to stand behind his teacher slut. He then ordered Summer to stand and bend over the desk. Summer leaned forward, placed the palm of her hands on either side of her laptop and then lowered her body so that her head was resting on the keyboard of the laptop. Summer felt her ass cheeks being spread and then the tip of what she knew was her pink butt plug being inserted into her ass.

As Todd easily slid the tip of the pink butt plug into the waiting teacher's ass, he was pleased to hear the chime indicating that her husband was on the line waiting to chat with his wife. Todd smiled to himself knowing that his slut teacher's husband was about to find out that she had been pierced and that she was fully nude waiting on the chat.

"Oh my God, Master T, that is James calling," Summer said.

"Listen slut. Open up a window on your screen in your messenger so that I can give you descriptions while you chat. Your husband will not see them, but I will know you are reading my instructions," was Todd's sharp reply.

Summer hesitated only slightly as tried to open the messenger app without first answering the SKYPE notification. Summer figured to let James chime several times so that she would get the app opened and settled into her chair.

As Summer's ass pressed into the office chair of her desk, she felt the butt plug pressing deeper inside her ass. The black egg also jumped to life furthering her already heightened arousal.

As she set the app to silent chatting, she saw a picture of her with Marcos' cock buried deep into her pussy after having been pierced by him in both of her pussy lips as well as her nipples. Now, she would be showing at least her nipple piercings to her unsuspecting husband. "If you don't do as instructed that is the picture that will appear on your husband's computer screen."

On the fourth SKYPE chime, Summer clicked on the answer link and her screen was filled with her loving husband's face. "Hi honey, I hope you are ok. What took you so long to get to the computer," he asked.

"I was in the bathroom and could not get to the computer fast enough I guess. I am doing good, how are you honey," Summer replied.

Todd watched for five minutes as his slut teacher and her unsuspecting husband chatted about his job, her work, the twins and his return in early November. She let him know, which, was a surprise to Todd, that both of the boys were coming home this weekend for homecoming. And, that she was scheduled to be one of the Chaperones for the dance.

That opened the door for her husband to talk about all of the poor boys that had the hots for their English teacher. James quizzed her on what she thought about when she gave her lectures and if she caught the boys gazing at her. Summer tried to cover up her feelings as she remembered how her pussy felt as she was made to stand or sit in front of the class with the vibrating egg buried deep inside her. Or, how she was made to cross and re-cross her legs at the direction of her young master.

James asked his wife why she was not wearing any clothes this morning. Summer reminded him that she had just come from the bathroom. He asked, "Are you totally naked?"

Now Summer was getting concerned. She knew from previous calls that James sometimes was turned on to see her and they had had phone/SKYPE sex in the past. On her screen, she saw the first message from her master, "Show him your nipple piercings slut."

"I have a surprise for you James," Summer coyly said as she leaned back in her chair and pulled the lid of the laptop downwards so the camera would follow her downward.

"Oh my God Summer. What did you do to your beautiful nipples," came James' reply.

"Well honey, I was lonely and missing you so I had been thinking about doing something a little different. I was in a meeting with one of our student teachers and I noticed that her nipple was pierced. After the meeting I asked her about it. It took me three weeks just to get up the nerve to go to the salon and then an hour in the parking lot before I went in."

Did it hurt Summer?

"Well, it hurt a little, but to be honest, it was more embarrassing than anything as no other man has ever seen me like that."

"What do you mean by that honey?"

"Well I had to take my blouse and bra off. Then the artist placed clamps on each of my nipples to make them stand up. He moved between my legs and rested his knee against me."

"What happened next honey," James asked anxiously.

Todd was enjoying the conversation. He was hearing how his slut's husband was getting turned on as she told him about her piercing and Todd knew that her pussy was getting wetter because he was adjusting the speed of the vibrating egg up and down to keep his slut teacher on edge.

Summer continued, "Well honey he took the clamp off of my right nipple, rubbed some alcohol on my nipple which made it stand even more erect. Then while I watched, he inserted a needle straight through my nipple, which was closely followed by the bar bell piercing you see. He repeated the same procedure on my left nipple. It bled a little bit, but it was just sorer than anything."

"Wow honey, that is a huge turn on for me," James allowed.

"Are you going back for more piercings or maybe that tattoo we have talked about," James asked.

At that moment, the egg in her pussy jumped to full speed and Summer let out a very noticeable moan. On the screen in front of her she saw, "Slide your hand down between your legs and rub my clit slut!"

Without any hesitation, Summer slowly lowered her hand down to her very erect clit. She began to circle her erection and she felt how wet she was. She slid forward just a little and began to rub herself in earnest. Summer felt the egg vibrating in her special place and she began to slowly, almost imperceptibly grind against the pink butt plug buried in her ass. Her eyes met those of her husband's as he watched her from Asia. Looking past the small lap top screen, Summer saw the eyes of her young master as she endeavored to please him while hopefully not being discovered by her husband of being a slut to her young master.

James was watching from his office in Asia, though it was very late. Unbeknownst to Summer, James had pulled out his cock and was stroking it under his desk. There was a knock at his door and he suddenly realized that the time had come for him to go out with his staff to "share" the pain as they put it. In Asia, no one leaves another if that person is working on a project. They share his pain and then go out for late night dinner and drinks, which often led to the Room Salons where you could find a girl to do for you what you need.

James watched intently for a few more minutes as he drew closer to an orgasm, but regrettably, the inevitable second knock came. "Summer, you bad girl, I have to go. It is the night with the boys here. Enjoy yourself and I will chat with you later this week."

Then he was gone. Summer continued to play with her clit under the watchful eyes of her young master. He was pleased that she had followed his instructions and not paid the least bit of attention to her husband.

"Ok, slut, cum for your master," Todd said.

Immediately, Summers hand became almost a blur as she rubbed her clit, squeezed her nipple and ground her ass down into the chair attempting to drive the pink butt plug deeper into her ass. Her explosion surprised even Todd as she flooded her fingers and her juices quickly made a huge wet spot on the fabric of her desk chair.

"Ok, slut it is time to begin our day," Todd stated.

"Go into the bathroom and give yourself two enemas. I have laid the bottles on the floor for you. Make sure you count to 500 before you empty your ass. After you are clean, style your hair and fix your make-up as required."

Mindlessly, Summer made her way from the computer table to the bathroom. There on the floor, as her young master said, were two small or personal enemas. Summer pulled the butt plug out of her ass and removed the vibrating egg. She noticed her juices dripping from the egg, but she was disgusted by the ass juices stuck to the butt plug. Summer threw the butt plug into James' sink, got down on all fours and inserted the first enema. After the first one had been forced into her stretched ass, Summer grabbed the second plastic bottle and stuck the short plastic tube into her ass squeezing the bottle forcing the second supply of liquid into her gapping ass.

Summer could feel the liquid begin to work right away. Because her ass hole had been stretched by her pink plug, she was having to really concentrate on keeping it closed. Summer rested her head on her hands as they pressed against the tile floor. Summer began the slow, methodical count that she had done several times recently at her young master's instructions.

As she reached 200, her stomach began to cramp. Summer did not know if she would be able to make it to the required 500. When she reached 400, Summer felt her stomach begin to rumble and her ass hole slowly opening. She reached behind and pressed her fingers against her ass hole and pressed firmly against it hoping to stem the inevitable tide from her bowels. She always found this act so degrading, but had to admit that it was comforting to know that she was clean inside when she was forced to insert her pink butt plug.

As she reached 500, Summer pressed the palm of her other hand against the floor of the bathroom and raised up slowly onto her knees. She then was able to pull herself up using James' countertop. She steadied herself and then almost sprinted into the commode area. She slammed the door shut and just barely positioned her ass over the commode when her bowels emptied. Summer lingered a bit longer on the commode contemplating her fate. As she flushed the contents of her bowels, she thought it an appropriate summation of her life now that she was a slave to a high school student with no way out.

Summer quickly warmed a wash cloth, soaped it and washed her ass. Then, Summer quickly styled her now choppy and streaked hair as best she could. She noticed how it was uneven at the ends in a jagged cut with very white highlights through-out. She looked at herself in the mirror and was intrigued by the change in her appearance. No longer the straight laced teacher look, but a younger, more unconventional woman looked back at her. After applying her make-up like the true slut she was, she headed out into her bedroom. There on the bed she found a simple black cotton dress that snapped all the way from the hem to her mid chest. She saw only the black four inch heels with ankle straps and her black tanning thong with a matching black lace shelf bra.

Once dressed, Summer went downstairs to find her young master hoping that her Sunday would not be too demanding as she had papers to grade and a week to prepare for as the school headed into homecoming week. She knew that her seniors would not be very interested in class, so she was devising topics for short stories that she would give all of her students that they could write in class. If they finished before Friday, Summer fully intended to let those students skip her class to have fun and enjoy the homecoming festivities as she did each year.

"Let's go slut," was all she got from her young master.

A compliment would have been nice Summer thought, but alas, her only compliment was when she served and pleased her young master. Remembering previous punishments, Summer pledged to herself to make no waves today no matter what her young master made her do or did to her.

As they screamed out of the subdivision in her convertible, Summer leaned her head back and tried to relax. She felt a bit woozy for some reason, so she continued to take long drinks from the bottle of water her young master had given her. Todd watched as his slut teacher became more and more relaxed. The dress that he had picked out was easily unsnapped and his slut was riding next to him with the dress fully open exposing her beautiful pierced nipples resting above the lace cups of her bra as well as the tiny tanning thong for anyone to see. Todd rested his right hand on the upper thigh of his slut teacher's left leg as he pressed his little finger ever tightly against the thin material of the tanning thong.

It was important to have her completely uninhibited as the tanning session was the precursor to the tattoo experience for his slut. Todd had planned out six hours at Marcos' salon. Todd knew that the screaming eagle would take the longest and had decided that it would be a two session appointment to complete that tattoo, but he wanted the blue butterflies on each of her breasts, the rose on her pelvic bone, the MT designed tattoo on the base of her neck and the additional piercings for her navel as well as her ears to be done today.

As Todd parked the car, he instructed Summer to finish her water. As he watched her turn the bottle up and finish off its contents, Todd felt comfortable that she was on her way to being totally relaxed as well as compliant with the harsh treatment Summer would be receiving in an hour. But first, his teacher slut would be getting her final tan for a week or so. He knew that after a tattoo, one's skin was easily burned by the sun as well as a tanning bed. The ink from the tattoo actually colored the skin below the surface thereby exposing more area for impact from the harsh rays. Todd handed his slut teacher the black vibrating egg, as well as the remote.

"Ok slut, go in and get your tan completed," Todd ordered.

Summer opened the door to the car and almost got out the car before realizing that she was completely exposed with the dress unsnapped. She asked for permission to refasten the dress and was given permission to fasten only four of the snaps. This left the dress open almost to just below her bra and to her mid-thighs. There would be no way for Summer to prevent fully exposing herself while walking, sitting or if a sudden breeze hit the dress in the right spot.

Summer really did not care at this point. She was woozy and her brain was totally relaxed. She carried the vibrating egg in her left hand and the remote control in her right hand. She opened the door with her right hand balancing the remote so that it did not drop to the floor. For this visit, the athletic Sandy as at the front desk. Ordinarily based on previous visits, Summer would have been apprehensive about the visit with Sandy being there, but with her mind and body were totally relaxed from the multiple doses mixed with her water, she was basically operating on auto pilot.





Summer followed Sandy down the hall to room number seven. As Sandy turned to instruct the teacher to strip, she found that Summer's cotton dress was already off and she stood there clad only in her black lace shelf bra and her tiny black tanning thong along with the platform sandals. The dress was draped over Summer's arm and Sandy saw that each of the teacher's hands held the apparatus for her continued manipulation in preparation for the next degrading parts of the teacher's new slave life.

Sandy knew that today she was not allowed to have her way with the poor teacher. She understood that today was all about preparing her for the salon experience. Sandy knew that Marcos would be marking the teacher's body permanently for Todd and that Todd's mentor was helping to mentor his young apprentice on the art of subrogating a willing slave. Sandy knew that in time, she would be allowed to have fun again with the teacher, but today, she was required to help enhance the relaxed experience for the teacher. Todd had recorded a twenty minute recording that was meant to both relax the teacher, but also to keep her on a sexual roller coaster.

Sandy instructed Summer to hang her dress across the back of the chair, slip the bra off and take off the black four inch heels and then back up against the wall so that she could apply the nipple covers to prevent the bar bell piercings from getting too hot. Sandy smiled to herself as she was going to exact just a little pleasure from the drugged teacher.

Summer complied with the instructions from the athletic and toned black salon employee. Sandy could see the faraway look that was the result of the effect that the drugs were having on Summer.

"Slut, give me your remote. Then I want you to spread your legs, pull your slut thong to the side and insert the egg," Sandy instructed the drugged and dazed teacher.

Summer immediately complied with the instructions from the domineering salon employee. Summer quickly pulled the thong to the side, pushed the egg as far into her pussy as she could using two fingers and then waited for further instructions.

Sandy told the teacher to put her hands over her head and to push her cunt forward. Once Summer had complied, Sandy pressed the "on" button of the remote and she knew immediately it had sprung into action as the spread eagle teacher let out a low, but strong moan.

Sandy placed the remote into the front of the teacher's tanning thong so that she could apply the covers to each of Summer's nipples. But first, Sandy wanted to play with those silver dollar sized nipples held erect by the piercings. Sandy grasped each nipple between her thumb and index fingers. She began to pull each nipple outward towards her until they were fully stretched. Then Sandy began to twist each nipple in an outward motion and then in the opposite direction. She saw that this caused an immediate reaction from the teacher as she sucked in air through her nostrils with each twist.

Sandy then took one of the teacher's nipples into her mouth and began to suck it while continuing to twist the other nipple. Sandy rotated her nipple actions for a couple of long minutes as she began to feel the teacher air fuck her cunt outward towards her to keep up with the nipple stimulation.

Sandy then slowly lowered her mouth from the nipples and left a trail of saliva as she lowered herself to her knees in front of the teacher. Using her teeth, Sandy pulled the thin material of the crotch of the teacher's tanning thong to the side and with the stimulation of the egg from deep inside the cunt of the slut continuing to do its erotic work, Sandy began concentrating on the fully erect clit of the teacher. Sandy continued to pull and twist the teacher's pierced nipples even as her lips circled her clit. Sandy began to suck the clit like a mini-cock bringing Summer to the edge of an orgasm several times. The vibrating egg continued to work its magic deep inside the teacher's pussy while the black salon employee manipulated her erogenous zones. Sandy allowed the teacher to finally succumb to her manipulations and Summer collapsed from the force of the orgasm.

Sandy easily scooped up the teacher, laid her in the bed, attached the nipple covers, placed the headphones over her ears and placed the protective goggles over her eyes. Sandy then took the teacher's arms, stretched them above her head and bound them with hard leather straps attaching them through the eyebolt connected to the wall. Once Summer was fully secured, Sandy then lowered the top of the tanning bed. Sandy adjusted the settings on the remote to random with the level setting of eight out of ten and then walked out of the room.

For the next twenty minutes Summer's mind was bombarded with her master's voice giving her instructions and demands of her servitude to him. Todd reiterated his control and the implications of her non-compliance. He walked her through different scenarios of erotic adventures and servitude, while the vibrating egg continued to take Summer on a roller coaster ride of orgasms until the loud machine shut off waking the teacher from her forced slumber.

Sandy quickly unclasped the teacher's arms from the leather straps, pulled off the headphones and removed the protective goggles. Next Sandy removed the nipple covers from the still groggy teacher's nipples. Sandy was amazed at how erect the nipples remained.

Summer began to come around as a result of Sandy's prompting and nudging her to wake up. Sandy was able to get Summer's legs over the side of the bed and then helped her to stand. Summer was still under the influence of the mixtures that Todd had made her drink during the morning. It was Sandy's responsibility to give Summer a quick shot of an energy drink spiked with the same drops of elixir that had been mixed with her water earlier in the day.

As Summer steadied herself against the wall, Sandy handed her the energy drink and told the teacher to drink it like a shot of tequila. Summer responded in her now normal compliant way and poured the sour tasting drink down her throat. Next Sandy had Summer bend over the chair back where her black cotton dress had been draped. Summer did not resist the motion or instruction as she simply complied with the direction.

Sandy pulled the thin strap of the tanning thong to the side, dribbled KY jelly on the crack of the teacher's ass, and slid the end of the pink butt plug up and down the crack to make sure that the tip was adequately lubricated. Without fanfare or warning, Sandy applied sufficient pressure to force the head and then the body of the pink plug deep into the ass of the teacher. Sandy heard a slight intake of air and an even deeper moan as the base of the plug pressed against the crack of the teacher's ass. Sandy then pulled the thin string of the crotch of the tanning thong back into place, assisted the slut teacher in securing her pierced nipples into the shelf bra and helped the teacher refasten the snaps on the cotton dress. Well not all of the snaps as Todd had instructed that only four of the snaps be fastened.

Summer bent over at the waist to slip on her black four inch heels and luckily Sandy was close by to catch her before she fell to the floor. Summer was almost listless as she fumbled with the ankle straps of the heels. Sandy put her right hand in the armpit of the teacher and then guided her out to the convertible where Todd waited.

Sandy opened the door, ushered the listless teacher into her car seat, fastened the seatbelt and then closed the door. Looking directly at Todd, Sandy said, "Man she is wasted. There is no way she is going to be any trouble while you are marking her body. Take pictures for me please Master T."

Todd nodded at the salon clerk and smiled to himself. He had forced Sandy to do many things as repayment for her prior transgressions against him. He was looking forward to more fun with her and his slut teacher. But, today, it was Summer's turn to get marked as his slut.

Todd slid his hand up the teacher's leg and rested his fingers against the crotch of the black tanning thong. Todd felt the dampness of the material and knew that Summer's pussy was completely soaked from the multiple orgasms she had experienced. He also knew that the black egg, though not turned on, was still being squeezed by his slut teacher's pussy as they drove as he could feel her slowly grinding into the passenger seat. Todd also knew that the butt plug was affecting Summer's actions as every time she ground her pussy against the seat to grasp the egg, the butt plug pushed tighter into her ass.

As Todd pulled up to the back entrance to Marcos' salon, he handed Summer another energy drink bottle and told her to drink it again like a shot of tequila. Todd told Summer that it would help her focus. Summer drank the drink and then looked out the windshield of her convertible and noticed where she was. She suddenly became aware of where she was and the last visit to the salon. She remembered the piercings as well as the sex she had had in the salon.

Todd got out of the driver side of the convertible, looked over his right shoulder and said, "Come on slut. I have new things for you!"

Summer hesitated slightly and was left in the car alone. Todd had taken the car keys so she had a decision to make: Run for the bus stop, hail a cab or submit to more humiliation at the hands of her young master as well as the salon owner. The faces of her two sons and her husband danced behind her closed eyes. Could she survive her submission to a high school senior being revealed? Would her husband leave her? Would her children be so shocked by her behavior that they would never speak to her again? Summer began to cry once again because she realized that for the moment she was trapped and there was nothing that she could do.

So, once again, Summer Wayne, the high school senior English teacher, followed her high school student master into the tattoo and piercing salon.

Sarah greeted Todd with a quick kiss on his cheek and then grabbed Summer by the hand and whisked her away down the hall. Todd then went into the office that adjoined the front desk to sit down and talk with Marcos.

Todd and Marcos talked for several minutes going over the areas of the tattoos, the styles, the colors and the length of time it would take. Marcos once again reminded Todd that Summer would be in severe pain for almost a week. She would not be able to wear clothing that would stretch across the tattoos. As an example, Summer would not be able to wear panties for at least a week as the waist band would go directly across the middle of the Screaming Eagle tattoo on her lower back. The rose would be ok covered by panties after a couple of days, but just the same, no panties for a week. The butterfly tattoos on Summer's breasts would not be as problematic because, as Todd had outlined, Summer was only allowed to wear shelf bras so the lace edges of any bra should not scrape across the new ink. The neck tattoo would be painful, but there should be no residual issues.

While Todd was meeting with Marcos, Sarah was getting reacquainted with his slut teacher. Sarah remembered Summer's first visit and how turned on she was as she prepped the teacher's pussy by shaving and then massaging in the special lotion that Marcos had devised. Sarah knew that today Summer's body would go through a transformation from stoic, conservative teacher to a body art specimen. She knew that this was the first of several visits that would be required to finish out the coloring of the tattoos. Sarah's responsibility was to get another dose of the special elixir that Todd had prepared into Summer. The idea was to get her completely compliant so that she did not jump around as the needles did their work. Sarah knew that the whole session was to be one of pain and sexual pleasure. She could not imagine how the teacher was going to be able to take the pain of the tattoos as well as the new piercing of her clit. But, Sarah could not wait to make it all happen.

For her part, Summer felt like she was in a daze. She could hear noise, conversations and commotion all around her, but she could not react to it. She followed Sarah down the hall paying particular attention to the short skirt and how easily it was to see her ass cheeks as the hem of the skirt rose and fell with each step. Sarah was wearing a tube top and Summer could clearly see the tramp stamp peering up over the top of the waist band of the skirt. The tattoo went almost fully across Sarah's back. Summer was led into a large room with a massage table set up in the middle of it. There were tray tables on pedestals around the massage table and there was soft music playing in the back ground.

Sarah handed Summer a cup of freshly brewed tea with sugar, a hint of milk and a dose of Todd's elixir. Sarah talked to Summer asking her about her piercings, how she liked them and if she had grown accustomed to how they kept her on a sexual high all the time. Summer did not completely agree that the piercings kept her on a sexual high, but they seemed to keep her in trouble whenever someone found out she had them.

"Ok, so you know what I am looking for in the tattoos," Todd asked Marcos.

"Yes I understand," replied Marcos. "Do you have a picture of the tattoo you want to put on her back," Marcos asked.

"Yes, here it is," Todd replied as he pulled a picture out of his back pocket.



"That is a nice one, but you want me to spread it further across her back," Marcos asked.

"Yes, I want it stretched across her back of course. You will see the tan line that we talked about. She will be wearing a string bikini while we are on our mission trip to Belize, so I want it to be quite the topic of conversation," Todd replied.

"Well that will be an elaborate tattoo for sure. I will do an outline in black today and then we will set up a follow up visit for me to add the colors that you detailed to me. Red and blue are the school colors along with the black right," Marcos replied.

"Well, I do not really give a shit about the school colors, but those are the colors and I thought that the tattoo in school colors will come in handy down the road as my slut becomes more and more compliant with my directions," replied Todd.

Todd and Marcos continued talking about the tattoo and piercing session. Marcos had been granted permission to constantly keep Summer on orgasmic edge as he inflicted the pain of the tattoos as well as the piercing of her clit, navel and ear. The clit piercing would be quick, but the pain very uncomfortable for the teacher. But, Marcos had designed a piercing that would run the length of the sheath that covered the clit and the end of the piercing would be placed directly over Summer's clit so that whenever she moved, she would be stimulated. It would be tricky positioning the piercing just right, but Marcos had done several before. Marcos knew he could please Todd and give Summer a constant reminder of being a slut as well as being turned on all the time.

Sarah watched as Summer finished her special tea. It was apparent to her that Summer had already consumed additional mixtures as her eyes were dilated and had a pretty distant or detached appearance. It was Sarah's job to clean the areas on Summer's body where the piercings as well as the tattoos would be placed. That meant stripping Summer down to her only having a bra on as Marcos needed to design the butterfly tattoos on her breasts so that when she wore a shelf bra, the tattoos would not be covered. The idea would be that each butterfly would be situated near the top of her cleavage on each breast. Todd wanted the butterflies to be visible but not obvious as he wanted her to always be self-conscious of them and knowing that they would always create inquisitive looks from anyone who got a quick glimpse of them.

"Ok Summer, we have to get you ready for your session. We are going to get you prepared for some things that your master has ordered for you," Sarah said to the dazed teacher.

"Stand up Summer and unsnap your dress. Once you do that you will take off your panties as well as your heels. Be quick about it."

Sarah stood there with her arms draped across her chest staring at the teacher to reaffirm the instructions. Summer rose unsteadily to her feet using the arms of the chair to support her. Once standing, Summer looking at the Sarah and noticing her tattoos asked, "Sarah, why do I have to take off my dress and panties?" 

"Because your master says for you to do it, NOW," Sarah said quite firmly.

Summer knew that she should protest, but combined with the liquids she had been drinking, the pink butt plug in her ass and the black vibrating egg, though dormant, was keeping her sexually alert. As the last fastener was unsnapped, Summer shrugged her shoulders and the simple cotton dress fell to the floor around her feet. Summer tried to bend over to unfasten the ankle strap of her heel, but she was too unsteady to do that. She looked pleadingly at Sarah, but she got no looks of sympathy from the red head. Summer then placed her right foot onto the seat of the chair and she was able to undo the straps and take the heel off. She repeated this action to remove the left heel.

Summer now stood before the tattoo artist's assistant clad only in her tanning thong and matching black lace shelf bra. The teacher's nipples were standing at full attention from the gold bar bell piercings, the cold air of the salon and the sexual excitement she was being subjected to by the combination of instruments of pleasure occupying two of her holes of her body. Summer swayed unsteadily before Sarah. Sarah simply held out her hand and motioned towards the slut teacher indicating for her to take the panties off.

Summer hooked her thumbs in the side straps of the black tanning thong and lowered the thong over her hips. The thong joined the dress at her feet. "Hand me the thong slut," were Sarah's next words.

Summer bent over at the waist and almost fell forward thankfully catching herself on the arm of the chair. She picked up her thong and handed it to the salon assistant. Sarah took the thong, raised it to her mouth and overtly licked the teacher's juices from the thin strip of material of the thong. "Summer, you are so wet. Are you excited about what we are going to be doing to you today," Sarah asked.

"What are you doing to me today Sarah," Summer asked.

"Well today we are going to give you some very pretty things that will indicate your continued transition from the loving wife, mother and stern teacher to the true slut you are," replied Sarah.

"What does that mean," replied the dazed teacher.

"You will just have to wait and enjoy," replied Sarah.

Sarah then guided Summer over to the table in the middle of the room. As Summer approached it, Sarah easily turned her around so that she could force her down onto her stomach as Sarah needed to wash and sterilize the lower back region of the teacher. Once Sarah was satisfied with Summer's position, Sarah pulled the towel from the cart containing the supplies needed to ensure that Summer's back, pubic area, clitoris and belly button would be as sterile as was possible. She noted with some skepticism that there was no pain deadening items on the tray. That was out of the ordinary for Marcos as he always wanted the pain to be masked as much as was possible.

Sarah went about scrubbing the lower back area of the drugged teacher. Sarah noted that Summer's breathing had settled into a very rhythmic motion and sound. She had gone into a relaxed sleep as had been anticipated by Marcos. Summer had even started lightly snoring, but she did react to Sarah's manipulations of her skin as her hands washed over the teacher's lower back as well as down the crack of her ass. Sarah continued to manipulate the pink butt plug by slightly tweaking the based as she was the teacher's ass.



Sarah was not sure if the slut teacher needed it, but she went about removing the hair stubble from the crack of her ass right down to the edge of the butt plug. Sarah pulled the plug slightly out of the teacher's ass and she giggled at the puckered asshole. Sarah carefully edged around the butt plug base and made sure that the teacher's crack was free from stubble. Next she nudged the teacher up onto the table and caused her to turn over on to her back against the sterile drape on the table. Sarah quickly washed the teacher's whole abdominal region making sure to clean right down to the sheath that covered her clit. Next Sarah applied shaving cream that she had used on Summer during her first visit to quickly scrape away any stubble from the pubic mound as well as the teacher's labia. Sarah was pleased to find that the teacher kept the area closely shaved so there was no wasted time.

Satisfied that the teacher was cleaned and adequately prepped, Sarah rolled Summer back onto her stomach. Summer moaned slightly but did not resist. Sarah positioned Summer so that her knees were supported by a leather covered platform so that she would be bent at the waist, but her legs would not be a hindrance to Marcos when he began to design and draw the intricate Flying Eagle on the teacher's lower back. Sarah noted the thin line that was left from the many tanning sessions the teacher had had since her first visit. Sarah pulled the arm supports from under the table and then secured each of Summer's arms to the long paddle like supports. Next Sarah pulled the leather straps from the sides of the table and quickly fastened each of Summer's legs to the table. The last strap was spread across the teacher's upper torso that would keep Summer tightly bound to the table. Sarah pulled a trey table over beside Summer's right side and arranged the ink gun, black ink canisters and the gauze that would be utilized during the eagle tattoo.

Sarah made sure once again that Summer was tightly bound to the table. Once satisfied, Sarah then woke the teacher from her drug induced slumber. It was difficult to get Summer to wake up, but once she saw that her eyes were fully open, Sarah watched as the teacher realized her current predicament. Sarah watched as Summer struggled against the bindings, but it was impossible for her to move anything but her head. Summer's eyes fell on the tray containing the ink gun and she screamed, "Let me out of here. You are not going to give me a tattoo."

Sarah had waited patiently for this response and she quickly struck the teacher's upper legs and lower ass with the black leather paddle that had been used on her in visit to Bill Fraser's adult store and theater. Summer screamed at the sudden attack on her ass begging for Sarah to stop. After Sarah had applied five licks on the bound teacher's ass, she asked, "Slut are you going to cooperate and do as you are told?"

Sarah reinforced her question with five more lashes with the leather paddle. The last lash was met with, "Yes I will cooperate."

"Good. Then you deserve a reward slut," Sarah said.

Sarah reached into her back pocket of her skirt and retrieved the remote control for the black vibrating egg that was buried in the teacher's very wet pussy. Sarah set the dial to the mid-range 5 and quickly left the room.

Summer felt the egg in her pussy jump to life and she tried to resist its vibrations deep inside her pussy. But, Summer was now programmed to react to its intensity and how it made her feel to have an orgasm. Unfortunately, the setting that Sarah had set the egg to was not forceful enough to bring her to orgasm, but it certainly was giving her body a charge.

As Summer's body once again reacted to the impact that the egg was having on her, she was brought back to the present by the door to the room opening. As she looked to her left, she watched as Marcos, Sarah and her young master entered the room. She noted with some fear the look on her young master's face. She was strapped to the table, could not move and now was going to receive a tattoo that she did not want.

"Slut you are about to receive a specially designed tattoo that will both serve to show that you are my slut and that you have great school spirit," said her young master. "Marcos will utilize an example design of our school's mascot and give you the slut stamp that you so richly deserve. The design will both signify your complete submission to me as well as your dedication to the school. Unfortunately we do not have enough time today for Marcos to complete the tattoo, so a second and possibly a third visit will be required." 

With that, Marcos went to work. First Marcos overlaid the design he had made from the picture that Todd had provided. The outline was quite intricate and Marcos felt like it would be a couple of hours to complete just the black ink portion of the tattoo. Marcos knew that his hands would need a break after two hours of work and he saw the pink butt plug protruding from the teacher's ass. He knew that his cock would fit nicely in the slut teacher's ass as partial payment for his work.

Summer was once again startled when she felt Marcos' gloved hands on her back. She heard the ink gun come to life and she would now be changed forever. Summer had seen tattoos, but never had an interest in having one. She did not think she could stand the pain of needles and she was right. Though he was being careful, Marcos knew that Summer would either feel light scratching like that of a cat or a more intense stinging like little bee stings. It was apparent to him that it was the stings that the teacher was feeling. So, to get her mind off of the stinging, Marcos turned up the intensity of the egg and watched as Summer's ass cheeks reacted involuntarily to the increased stimulation. Marcos reached between the teacher's legs, found the opening to her pussy and then wormed his fingers up the slit until they found Summer's erect clit. Marcos knew he needed to keep the clit erect so that piercing the area would be easier, but causing her more pleasure before the pain of the clit piercing was just one of the benefits of the job.

For the next two hours, Summer reacted to the increased piercing actions of the tattoo gun as well as to the intermittent vibrations of the egg. Every now and then, Marcos would pull or twist the base of the pink butt plug to further enhance the pleasure/pain event for the teacher. Summer was becoming more turned on and Marcos figured that it was the combination of the pain as well as pleasure that was causing the slut teacher to grow ever closer to the orgasm that she would be denied until her pelvic area above her pussy had been appropriately tattooed with the upside down red rose and green stem. It had been Marcos' idea to hover the petals of the rose just above the clit of the teacher and then trail the stem of the rose outwards towards her right leg so that it extended beyond any type of panty or swimsuit bottom that she might ever wear.

As Marcos lightly patted the entire screaming eagle tattoo region of the teacher's back, he pictured having Summer spread before him in the future as he filled in the empty spaces of the eagle with the school's red and blue colors. Marcos believed that the final product would quite colorful and would provide many opportunities for the teacher to show off her school spirit, though Marcos knew that that was not the reason that Todd had required for the tattoo positioning.

Marcos noted that the thin tanning line bisected the middle of the eagle's body with the tips of the wings connected to the hip of the teacher as well as the tan line. The lower portion of the eagle, including the tail feathers, would be below the waist band of any panties, thongs, skirts or shorts that the teacher would ever wear. It would give the appearance that the eagle was taking flight right out of the teacher's ass. Marcos knew that with the addition of the red and blue coloring, any attempt by the teacher to have the tattoo removed at some later date would prove too painful to even entertain such thoughts. Marcos smiled knowing that his art work would enhance the body of this high school English teacher for the rest of her life.

Once satisfied that he had stopped the bleeding, Marcos applied an antiseptic ointment to the tattoo area. He saw that the area was reddened by all of his needle's piercings, but he knew that this would disappear in about a week. It would be painful for about two weeks with the pain reducing each day. Marcos had told Todd that the teacher would not be able to wear any clothing for at least a week where a waist band would cross the tattoo. This meant that the teacher could not wear panties, skirts or garter belts for at least a week.

Summer continued to feel the pain from the tattoo needles even after Marcos had finished his work on the screaming eagle. She had been able to suffer the pain by concentrating on the pleasure that the egg was giving her as her body reacted to the pain inflicted by the artist. Summer was confused by the co-existing stimulations and found that her body was reacting both to the pain as well as the vibrations of the egg as each was giving her sexual stimulation. Her mind was still affected by the elixir drinks that had been pumped into her all day. She had just finished another bottle of water and she was feeling the urge to pee, but in her current bound position, there was no way should could relieve herself. So, the need to pee was added to the stimulations to her body.

"Summer, are you ok," Marcos asked.

"I am ok, but I cannot believe that you did this to me without my permission," Summer screamed.

"Well slut, before you start making accusations like that, you should make sure you are correct," Marcos countered.

"Sarah, bring over this slut's folder would you," Marcos said to the assistant.

Out of the corner of her eye, Summer watched as Sarah bent over at the waist as she opened a file cabinet drawer. Summer watched as the hem of Sarah's skirt inched higher and higher until she saw the exposed pussy lips of the artist's assistant. Summer also saw a tattoo on each of Sarah's ass cheeks. It looked like the initials of that golfer, but Summer could not place his name. But these initials were an M and a T, now the T and W of the golfer.

Summer watched as Sarah retrieved a folder and stood back up. Summer noted with much interest how the hem of the skirt stayed above Sarah's ass cheeks as she walked back to join Marcos. Marcos took the folder, opened it and then withdrew a page. Sarah then took the paper and held it in front of Summer for her to review. "Slut, is that your signature," Marcos asked.

Summer studied the paper and saw a spot on signature at the bottom of the page that was hers. Summer did not remember signing any documents before this visit. "When did I sign this document," Summer asked.

"You signed that document the first time you visited me when I pierced those beautiful nipples and pussy lips," Marcos said with a smile.

"Do you know what that document gives me slut? It allows me to pierce any part of your body and tattoo any design or location without consequences from you because of a change of heart. This is a protection document that all tattoo/piercing salons have executed by all customers just in case there is an issue."

"Just the same, I do not think I signed the document," Summer replied.

"Well in your case miss high and mighty English teacher, we videotaped your signature session and how I described what you are signing," Marcos replied.

At that moment, the TV screen directly across the room from Summer jumped to life. There in color was Summer signing several sheets of paper in front of the camera with Marcos close by describing what she was signing. Summer did not remember anything about her first visit as she had been under so much stress from being discovered by her high school student and then being forced to perform awful submissive acts. But, there she was in video and in written form having agreed to allow the artist the explicit ability to pierce any area of her body and apply tattoo ink as well. So once again, Summer's body and mind were subjected to submission to another man.

Summer felt the pink butt plug in her ass start to move once again. She assumed it was Marcos manipulating the plug while the egg continued to vibrate. Summer felt the plug moving and then realized that it was being taken out of her ass.

However, in a brief moment, the pink plug was replaced by the eight inches of hard cock that had used Summer on her first visit. Marcos, did not waste time slowly inserting his cock. He was on a tight schedule and this was his lone opportunity to relieve himself utilizing the tight hole of the slut teacher. Fortunately, the butt plug had loosened the sphincter muscles of the teacher and Marcos was able to fully bury his cock into the Summer's ass.

Marcos began to rhythmically fuck his cock in and out of the teacher's ass. Sarah stood at the head of the table and watched as Marcos took advantage of the positioning of the teacher and her bound circumstances. Summer began to grunt in concert with the cock sliding deeper and deeper inside her ass. Sarah began to run her hands through the teacher's recently cut and highlighted hair. What Sarah was really doing was to pull the hair up into a ponytail so that it would be easier for Marcos to tattoo the teacher's neck with the same design as he had on her ass cheeks at the direction of her young master Todd.

Marcos continued to pound away at the teacher's ass as he watched Sarah prepare Summer for the next tattoo. After Sarah had bunched the teacher's hair up into a ponytail, she pushed Summer's head down into the head support and then stretched a leather binding strap across the back of the teacher's head, but below the ponytail. This effectively pulled the hair up and away from the area of the neck where Marcos would tattoo the teacher's young master's designation in red and black. The tattoo would be in the middle of the teacher's neck and would be covered by her hair unless she were forced to pull her hair up in a bun or ponytail. It would also be visible while she gave blow jobs Marcos thought.

Marcos was rushing towards his orgasm and began to pull his cock almost all the way out and then plunge it back deeply into the teacher's ass. He fumbled with the remote control and turned it to the highest setting. As his cock shot its hot jism deep into the bowels of the teacher, the vibrating egg was doing its job bringing Summer closer and closer to orgasm. The anal stimulation of Marcos' cock, the soft touch of Sarah's hands, the submissive position of her body and the tattooing session were all leading Summer to the orgasm that she so richly desired. And then it was stopped.

Marcos pulled his cock out of the teacher's ass, turned the vibrating egg off, pushed the pink butt plug back into Summer's ass and then put his cock away as he zipped his pants. Marcos watched as some of his recently deposited cum was oozing out of the slut teacher's ass in spite of the fact that he had reinserted the pink butt plug.

Summer realized that Sarah's soft manipulations had only been a ruse as she felt the leather strap pressed against the back of her head. Her face was pushed tight against the face support of the table and there was no way she could move. To make matters worse, Sarah had just watched as Marcos had fucked her ass and offered no help.

Marcos put on another set of sterile gloves, grabbed the tattoo gun and began working on Summer's neck tattoo. Summer immediately reacted and tried to struggle. But all the teacher could do was to shout, "What are you doing?"

"Well slut, I am giving you the mark of your master so that there is no doubt who owns and controls you. You noticed Sarah's ass didn't you. Well you get the same thing, but on your neck," Marcos said.

"Please I will do anything you want, but do not place another tattoo on me especially on my neck," begged the teacher.

"Well that is not my call slut. Your master said put it there, you agreed to the tattoos and I am going to complete my task," Marcos replied.

"Now shut up and let me concentrate."

Summer felt the familiar sting of the tattoo gun, but this one seemed to be a bit more biting. The area being tattooed was full of nerves, close to the vertebrae and muscles. Summer concentrated on the pain and tried to relax. She noted that each time she breathed, Marcos paused. She felt like he was being compassionate, but also committed to the completion of his task.

In short order, Marcos had completed the MT design with the T rising from the middle of the M in sort of a reverse design of the golfer's design. The lettering was only one and a half inches, but clearly visible when on display. Marcos rubbed the remaining blood from the tattoo area, applied the antiseptic ointment and then took his gloves off.

"Ok slut, I bet you need to go to the bathroom. Sarah will unfasten you from the table and escort you to the bathroom. Unfortunately, there is not one in this room, so you will be lead down the hall way," Marcos advised.

Once unfastened, Summer wobbly stood and allowed her muscles to once again relax. She had been tense for almost three hours, her back as well as her neck hurt, but she had to pee really badly. Sarah grabbed her by the arm and guided Summer towards the door. "Wait, I need something to wear so that no one can see me," Summer said.

"There is no one here but Marcos, Todd and me today, so don't worry about being seen as we all have seen you in your submissiveness," was Sarah's retort.

Sarah opened the door and escorted the still dazed teacher. Summer still unknowingly felt the effects of all the drinks that she had been given that were all spiked with Todd's elixir. Summer was about to have another to help reduce any remaining inhibitions when they returned to have her pussy tattooed, her breasts adorned with butterflies, her clit hood pierced, her belly button pierced and rings inserted in her ear. Summer's afternoon would continue to be filled with humiliation, degradation, submission and body transformation. Sarah knew that the most painful tattoo was yet to cum as the rose coloring and stem coloring would be painful as well as time consuming.

Summer went into the ladies restroom and quickly locked the door. She was clad only in her shelf bra, which she found to be quite interersting. She could not take the suspense any longer and turned her back to the door and looked at herself in the full length mirror. What she saw made her begin to cry uncontrollable. On her lower back she saw the black outline design of the school mascot the Screaming Eagle. It had no color, but it was huge. The wingspan of the eagle covered the majority of her lower back and Summer could see the white tan line left by her tanning thong dissect the midsection of the eagle. Summer noted that the lower half of the eagle and its tail feathers fell below the tan line. 

Next, Summer utilized the mirror over the sink and she could see the tattoo on her neck through the use of the two mirrors. Again, she wailed over being permanently marked with the tattoos. She could not believe that she had been subjected to such body modifications and there was no way you could call it art. She did not believe that she would ever be able to show herself in public because of the markings. Even though the neck tattoo was near her scalp line, it could easily be seen if she moved her head the wrong way or if she ever put her hair up in a ponytail or dressed elegantly for her husband by putting her hair up in a tight bun for the formal occasions in which they participated. She sat down on the commode, emptied her bladder and just sat there reviewing her fate.

The SKYPE chat with James had been bad enough having to show him her nipple piercings and then being made to describe the process for the pussy lip piercings. Now she was going to have to explain two tattoos on her back at some point and she just knew he would never understand such disgusting markings on her body.


There was a sudden knock on the door followed by Sarah telling Summer to hurry up. There was more to do and she was wasting everyone's time. Summer could not imagine what else could be done to her to further humiliate her. The markings were permanent and it was no doubt that she was an owned teacher to her young high school master. She continued to sit on the commode trying her best to postpone the inevitable further humiliation that Todd had in store for her.

Todd had watched the whole tattooing process from the remote camera and video link from Marcos' office. He had thought that the whole tattooing session was both erotic and clinical in that his slut teacher bore his now private marking signifying that she was his and that the eagle tattoo showed her school spirit. The finished product would make that a final depiction as well as documentation that she gave her all to the school, though he knew that the reason for the tattoo was to mark her in such a way that for the rest of her life she would show off a rising eagle exploding out of her ass. Todd laughed out loud at that thought.

Sarah had to forcefully open the bathroom door with her key. She plucked Summer off of the commode, told her to clean up and then drink the glass of water completely to replenish the fluids she had lost. Of course Summer thought nothing of the new drink and had no thoughts of it being spiked. She was thirsty and she drank down the mixture. She washed her face and hands, turned towards Sarah, and asked, "What is now in store for me?"

"Well, that is up to Marcos to tell you. I am just the assistant, but suffice it to say that you will be here another three hours or so," replied the red head. "Take the egg out of your pussy and give it to me."

Summer had not expected to have to take the egg out of her pussy, but she had expected the response to her question, but she could not believe that she would be subjected to three more hours of humiliation. She followed Sarah back down the hall to the room where she had just been permanently marked. Summer noticed that the table had been removed and a large barber type chair had been installed where the table had been.

"You are to sit in the chair Summer," said the salon assistant.

Once again, resigned to her fate at the moment, the drugged teacher made her way unsteadily and slowly towards the chair. Summer watched as Sarah went about getting instrument treys brought close to the chair. Summer saw that there were several vials of ink, a tattoo gun, a box and what looked like a box of hemostats, but she was not sure.

Once Sarah was finished arranging things, she escorted the still dazed and drugged teacher over to the chair. Sarah then held Summer by the arms, turned her around so that her back was to the chair and then said, "Stay in this position Summer."

Summer swayed a little but did not move. She did not even look around the room as her eyes closed and she felt the room spinning like she had had too much to drink. All she wanted to do was to lie down and sleep. Her back hurt and her neck hurt, but most of all she was sleepy.

Unbeknownst to Summer, Sarah had gone about preparing the chair for Summer's further sexual stimulation as well as continued humiliation. The chair was fitted with an eight inch dildo attached to a Sybian located just underneath the seat of the chair. It was a new model and had a very strong motor for providing a woman with lots of intense pleasure. Sarah had experienced the benefits of working for Marcos just last night in the chair as she received her most recent nipple piercings. The Sybian was remote controlled and had been permanently mounted as a fixture in the chair. Marcos had devised this instrument utilization after watching a woman being stimulated for hours during a party he went to. He had discussed the use of the machine on Summer as he tattooed her pubic area and he wanted to make sure that it was alright with the young master of the slut teacher.

Summer was then guided onto the chair and her pussy was positioned over the head of the eight inch cock. Sarah placed her hands on either of Summer's shoulders and then forced her down onto the waiting cock. Summer's pussy was soaking wet from all of the day's stimulations, the cock that had fucked her ass the vibrating egg that had been planted in her most of the day and the butt plug that still remained in her ass.

Summer quickly did an intake of air as the head of the dildo slipped by her pierced pussy lips. The head slid deeper into her as her body slid down onto it. When Summer's ass hit the surface of the chair, the plastic cock was firmly planted deep inside her. Sarah then went about securing Summer's legs and arms to the chair. Her legs were spread wide by the foot paddles of the chair and it was a bit uncomfortable of a position, but all Summer could do was moan due to the depth of the cock inside her. Each leg was fastened to eye hooks on the chair with one inch wide leather straps. The straps were placed just above each of the teacher's knees.

Sarah lowered the back of the chair so that Summer was lying almost flat, but with a minor incline position. The dildo seemed to move with the action of the lowering of the back of the chair and was perfectly positioned in Summer's pussy. Next, Sarah fastened a leather strap under Summer's breast that were still confined by her black lace shelf bra. Sarah noted how hard and erect Summer's nipples were.

Next Sarah placed a leather strap across Summer's forehead effectively immobilizing the teacher and fully exposing her to Marcos' hands as he permanently marked the teacher with her new rose tattoo over her pussy and with a butterfly on each breast. This also would give Marcos easy access to the teacher's ears for the new piercings there too.

So now it was all set. Summer would now get a rose with red petals and a green stem. The tan line formed by her tanning thong gave Marcos a perfect area to apply the tattoo. He would place the rose petals in the soft white flesh just above the teacher's pelvic bone and the green stem would work its way from there back across the tan line so that in a bikini, the green stem and leaves would be clearly seen.

Marcos came in, saw that Sarah had done her job expertly again, and he sat down between Summer's spread and tied legs. "Well Summer, we are about to place another tattoo on your lovely body. Your master has given me strict instructions as to the style, color and size of the tattoo. The tattoo that I will be placing on your pelvic area will consist of a red rose with a green stem with several leaves. The tattoo will be positioned in such a way that the rose itself will be hidden by a bikini or panty, but the stem will seem to grow out of the pelvic region and will be visible when you wear a bikini or walk around in your panties.

Summer screamed and said for him not to touch her again. She began to struggle against her bindings and increased the level of her scream. "Well, I see that you will need some additional incentive to accept your tattoos Summer. Sarah hook her up," Marcos said.

First, Sarah walked up from behind with a ball gag already in her hand in anticipation of Summer's verbal protest. As she positioned it against the teacher's lips, she noted that Summer had screwed her lips together tightly. Sarah simply clipped a crocodile clip to the teacher's nose effectively closing off her airways. All Sarah had to do was wait for Summer to either breathe or protest again.

Summer could not believe they were doing this to her. She could not believe that her high school student would subject her to such pain and humiliation at the hands of Marcos and his assistant. The crocodile clip was working its magic on her as she was nearing the first stages of suffocation. Summer thought she could get a quick gasp of air, but she was wrong. The moment that she opened her lips, Sarah started to slide the red ball of the gag against Summer's teeth and when Summer felt the sharp sting from the riding crop that Summer saw in Marcos' hand as he slammed it once again across her breasts hitting each of her pierced nipples with each stroke.

Summer screamed in pain and Sarah easily forced the ball gag into the teacher's mouth. Just for good measure, Marcos slapped each of Summer's nipples individually just to let her know he was there and would do what it took to force her compliance. Sarah adjusted the straps to the back of Summer's head around the leather strap that bound her head to the chair. Next, Summer felt her nipples being pulled and she did not realize until it was too late that Marcos had attached electrical cords to each of her nipples. The next thing she felt was quick vibrations on her nipples as the electrical stimulus machine went into action.

The dildo in her pussy jumped to life at the same time and it began to fuck in and out of the drugged as well as bound teacher. The machine forced the cock deeper and deeper into her pussy. Her pussy muscles grabbed and tried to stop the fucking, but the muscles were not match and soon Summer was relegated to being a fuck doll as the stimulus on her nipples combined with the fucking of the dildo was brining her to another orgasm. Summer began to grind her ass down into the chair matching the fucking of the Sybian cock as well as to push the pink butt plug deeper into her ass. Summer was stimulated beyond anything she had ever experienced and her body erupted in a mind shattering orgasm that forced the drugged teacher to pass out.

Summer awakened to the steady buzz of the tattoo gun. She looked down as best she could and she watched as Marcos had begun to color in the tattoo after he applied the outline to her body in black ink. The vibration and piercing of the machine was having an effect on Summer as the pain was leading to pleasure as the plastic cock buried deeply inside her pussy began to twist in a counter clockwise motion. There was no stimulation against her clit, but the cord from the tattoo gun had wormed its way between the teacher's pussy lips and Marcos was making sure that it stayed there.

"There it is finished teach. You now have a beautiful rose and stem. Take a look," Marcos said.

Sarah walked around the chair and held a mirror between Summer's legs so the teacher could see Marcos' handy work. Summer's eyes welled up with tears. Her pelvic region was now covered with a rose pointed directly down towards her pussy and the rose stem worked its way above her tan line up and towards her right hip. She could only scream into the ball gag and try to twist her head from side to side, but to not avail as the teacher was firmly secured in Marcos' tattoo chair.

"Now Summer, we are going to pierce your clit and I want you to be very still. I have done this many times, but on rare occasions, the lady moves at the last minute and I have missed my mark. Believe me, you do not want to move," Marcos said.

Summer screamed as loud as she could, but no one heard her muffled cry except for Sarah and Marcos. Summer watched as Marcos prepared the piercing and she saw a piercing that was very similar to the ones she had in each of her nipples. She felt Marcos manipulating her clit area and then it was over. The pain seared through her body, but her pain was met with an increase in vibrations from the cock in her pussy and with electrical stimulations to each of her nipples. The pain, electrical stimulations and the cock hitting new depths in her body forced her to have another mind blowing orgasm that put her to sleep right away.

When Summer came to, she felt her breasts being manipulated and she watched in horror as the tattoo gun worked rapidly on her left breast. She did not know what was being placed on her, but she could feel the tiny pricks of the gun like she was being stung by little bugs. The tattooing was not as painful on her breasts as it had been on her pussy. Then the tattoo gun stopped buzzing and she heard, "Well Summer, that is it."

"We will go over the ways you need to take care of your five new tattoos as well as your six new piercings," Marcos said.

"I see questions in your eyes, so let me explain. We have placed two loop earrings in each of your ears in the middle portion of your ears but through the cartilage areas so your skin will not droop, we pierced your navel with a long "S" signifying you are a slave and a bar bell piercing though the sheath of your clit with the end of the bar bell pressing against your clit for continuous stimulation for you."

Marcos went on with describing how to take care of each of the tattoos and piercings. Sarah did the actual work on the tattoos so that Summer could feel the antiseptic and gauze on her body. The piercings need to be cleaned regularly to prevent infections especially on her clit. She was told that she would be sore for a week and then the pain would taper off. She was not allowed to wear panties or tight fitting clothing for the rest of the week, but should could wear dresses instead of skirts next weekend.

Summer lay there listening, but not paying attention. Her eyes were swollen and tears were running down her cheeks. She was only thinking about the impact it would have on her marriage as she now did not really care about whether or not she kept her job. How could she read Shakespeare and demand perfection from her English students when she was a slut slave to a high school senior. Her life was over in her mind.

Summer was released from her bindings and she was pulled onto her feet. She was quite wobbly and still affected by the drugs she had been given all day. Her mind hurt as did her body. She felt for the ear piercings and then the belly button piercing. She could not bring herself to touch her clit especially in front of Marcos and Sarah.

Marcos had other ideas of course. He led the teacher into his office and then forced her to sit on a wooden coffee table that faced a mirror. Then Summer saw Marcos' handy work. Summer saw for the first time the blue butterfly on each of her breasts. Her black bra had been removed, but her nipples still were erect. She saw the belly button piercing with the letter "S" and then her gaze slid down her stomach to her pussy area. There in red and green was her rose and also her clit piercing.

Marcos and Sarah had not removed her butt plug, so Summer could see that also. So there she was, in all her tattooed and pierced glory, Summer Wayne, English teacher and slut for all the world to see. Summer studied the art work a little closer and though she was marked against her will, she thought it was well done. She was hopeful that her young master was pleased, but she just could not imagine how she would ever be able to face her world again. And then there was a flash and Summer's humiliation had been captured on camera for posterity.



Sarah had Summer's black dress draped over her arm. Marcos and Sarah helped Summer to her feet. Sarah slipped the black cotton dress onto each of Summer's arms and then pulled it up to her shoulders. Sarah carefully snapped five of the fasteners on the dress and then slipped Summer's feet into flip flops like you would receive at a nail salon after a pedicure. There was no need to put her back into the four inch heels as she would probably stumble anyway.

Summer was led out of the salon room, down the hall and to the back exit of the building. She felt moisture running down her legs. Summer could only imagine what it was and where it had come from, but she was sure that Marcos had deposited at least one load of cum in her ass, but she could not be sure that it was only one. Marcos smiled as Sarah led the teacher to the waiting convertible. Todd had left the top down and was seated behind the steering wheel.

Sarah opened the passenger door and helped Summer to settle into the passenger seat. Sarah forgo the fastening of the seatbelt as that would cause more pain to the teacher during the drive home.

Once she was seated, Todd put the car in reverse, back the car into the lot and then turned for the exit. The drive back to Summer's home was quiet. Todd kept his eyes straight ahead, but he listened for any moans or voiced disgust with the sessions. He smiled to himself when he heard nothing from his now ink and pierced slave. She was totally his and he had the video evidence of the entire six hour process.

Summer woke up in her own bed. It was Monday morning and it was fully bright outside, which meant that she had over slept. She turned and then immediately she felt pain all over her body. She then remembered Sunday and her treatment at the hands of Marcos and his assistant Sarah. Her pussy stung so Summer ran her hand down her body bypassing the belly button piercing and found the clit piercing. She rubbed it hoping that it would relieve some of the pain. It of course did not work. Then Summer noticed the note beside her on the pillow.

"Slut, good morning. I hope you slept well. I went into the school substitute system and you are off all week. It is best that you stay home to give your body some time to heal. Take a look at the notes from Marcos and do as he has instructed you. You will feel better by Friday when, if you will remember, you are serving as a chaperone for the Homecoming Dance. Oh and don't forget, you two boys will be home this weekend. So, I am going to give you the week off, but this weekend, you will be serving me again."

Your Master 

Summer turned on her side and cried herself to sleep.

Chapter 22 will start with homecoming activities and how Summer makes it through a weekend when her twin sons are home. Thanks for continuing to read and comment on the story. I promise to up the submission and sexual tension now that the piercings and tattooing are basically over....................I look forward to your comments.