Summer's Blackmail Ch. 22
bywilcox010©
Summer Wayne is a 40 year old married high school Senior English teacher that is being blackmailed by one of her students. She is required to call him Master T and she is completely under his control. Master T has had each of Summer's nipples pierced, each of her pussy lips is adorned with ring piercings and her left ear has been pierced with a large loop earring that includes three red beads that signifies to Master T that she is his. Summer has had her hair cut into a much younger cut that barely reaches her neck, it is jagged in style and her hair has received extensive highlighting to further change her appearance. Her fingernails have been lengthened by acrylic nails of almost ¾ inches in length and painted a bright red to match her toenails. She has been subjected to additional piercings, five tattoos and additional humiliations on Sunday.........thanks to my friends for recommendations/suggestions for story lines especially Mike, Jack, John, Rebecca, Dr. Johnson, Susan and Elly.

***********************************************

Summer woke up in her own bed realizing it was Monday morning and it was fully bright outside, which meant that she had over slept. She turned and immediately felt pain all over her body. Summer then remembered Sunday and her treatment at the hands of Marcos as well as his assistant Sarah. Her pussy stung so Summer ran her hand down her body bypassing the belly button piercing and found the clit piercing. She rubbed it hoping that it would relieve some of the pain. It of course did not work. Then, Summer noticed the note beside her on the pillow:

"Slut, good morning. I hope you slept well. I went into the school substitute system utilizing your school password, put in for a substitute for the next four days and you are off until Friday. It is best that you stay home to give your body some time to heal. Take a look at the notes from Marcos and do as he has instructed you in caring and protecting your skin. You will feel better by Friday when, if you will remember, you are serving as a chaperone for the Homecoming Dance. Oh and don't forget, your two boys will be home this weekend. I am going to give you the week off, but this weekend, you will be serving me".

Your Master 

Summer turned on her side and cried herself to sleep.

Summer woke up in a start like someone from a bad dream just before they fell over the cliff. Summer was happy to be alive, but she was brought back to reality by the pains in her breasts, pubic mound, clit, neck and her back. The pain from the neck tattoo was not bad enough to cause her discomfort compared to the clit piercing however.

Summer edged to the side of the bed that she shared with her husband James and made her way into the bathroom. She turned to face the full length mirror and she was shocked at the image staring back at her. Her breasts were marked with blue butterflies in flight with each strategically located below what would be the upper edge of her bra, but visible in plunging necklines. She ran her hand down to her tummy and flicked the belly button piercing noting that a silver "S" hung below her button. As Summer looked down, she saw the rose turned upside down with the bloom positioned over her pussy and the stem running outwards and upwards. The stem of the rose as well as two leaves rose above her thong tan line and the rose bloom lay about one inch above her now pierced clit. Summer ran her hand further down and touched the new clit piercing, which immediately sent shivers of pain as well as arousal through her body. Summer began to cry again realizing that her body was now a permanent reminder of her position in life as a submissive to one of her high school students.

Summer found the note with instructions about caring for her piercings as well as her tattoos. The worse thing that could happen now would be to develop infections and have to go to her physician and try to explain them. A bag on her counter contained numbing lotion, Lubriderm lotion, Vaseline, bacteria soap and a container labeled Vitamin A & D Ointment. Her instructions were not to use Neosporin as it was best used for cuts and scrapes, which often times will cause little red bumps. There was also a tube of Tattoo Goo and H2Ocean. Carlos had written out her daily regimen for care of the tattoos. 

Unfortunately, Summer felt her back sort of tighten as she moved. Summer placed a hand on her lower back and found a large bandage on her back. She felt for the edges having to use both hands. The bandage went across the majority of her back, down to her ass crack and up to her mid-abdomen. Carlos' instructions were for her to leave the bandage on til morning and then remove. She could hand wash all of her tattoos with the bacterial soap, but do not use a washcloth. She could take a shower on Tuesday morning, but not before. Carlos' last line was to take care of the tattoos as instructed and her skin would be just fine. The pain of the neck and breast tattoos would subside quicker than the rose and back tattoos. His PS was that he looked forward to coloring in the Screaming Eagle next month.

Summer slowly began to peal the bandage off of her back. She was scared that all of the skin on her lower back would be removed along with the bandage, but she was happy when it was removed. There was some blood on the bandage pad, but not as much as she had feared.

Summer went about cleaning all of the tattooed areas to make sure that they were clean and dry. She used the H2Ocean aerosol spray to make sure that there was no soap residue on the areas. Then there was this list:

When oozing stops, apply a thin layer of ointment 4 times a day. 

•No skin to skin contact with people or pets. 

•No scratching. 

•No picking. 

•No peeling. 

•No swimming. 

•No sauna. 

•No Jacuzzi. 

•No tub. 

•No sun. 

•No tanning salon. 

•No contact sports. 

•No shaving.

Summer especially liked the fact that there would be no skin to skin contact (no sex with her Master) tanning salon or shaving in her near future. She liked the idea of constantly applying body lotion as she had always done so and had always enjoyed soft skin. She did not want the tattoo art causing her skin problems. As Summer was an English teacher it was easy to understand how meticulous she would be in making sure that the tattoo areas would be cared for appropriately.

After cleaning and covering the eagle tattoo, Summer went through several clothing options to find something comfortable, but nothing really felt good on her skin. Even though the eagle tattoo was covered, anything with a band across the area caused her pain. Summer decided on Todd's long tee shirt as her wardrobe of the day.

Summer went about her day moving slowly from one room to the next because she could not find a place to sit where she was comfortable. She tried to be careful in her intake of fluids as she did not want to have body fluid on her clit piercing. She was determined to have that removed at her earliest opportunity.

Night time fell and she was pleased to not have heard from her young tormentor. She thought it was odd that he had not called or texted her, but she was more than relieved to not have to deal with Todd. Summer was tired and she was asleep almost the minute her head hit the pillow.

Summer tossed and turned all night from the pain of the tattoos. The pain was not intolerable, but it was annoying and the Egyptian sheets continued to stick slightly to her. She had tried all sorts of negligees but all were too silky. She found her young Master's white tee shirt in her bathroom and it had worked the best.

Summer woke on Tuesday morning refreshed, but still sore. She was still pleased that she had not heard from Todd and was beginning to formulate a strategy to prevent him from coming into her house. However, that would call for reworking the alarm system as well as changing all of the locks on the house. She would also have to find all of the remote cameras he had placed in her house. She laughed out loud when she remembered what her daily attire was supposed to be: white six inch heels and her white lace thong, but because of the piercings, she did not even contemplate putting anything on that would fit snuggly against her very sensitive clit.

Summer went through the cleaning routine again as detailed in her tattoo artist's instructions. Marcos had been both thorough and considerate in his instructions. Summer felt like he genuinely cared about her recovery. But, Summer also knew that Marcos was anxiously awaiting the next time he had had her in his little shop of horrors. She smiled to herself as she thought about never ever going back there.

At mid-day Summer's phone buzzed. She saw who the text was from and she ignored it. Summer felt some power because she was locked in her house and she was safe from the directions as well as the domination by her young student. The phone buzzed again five minutes later, but once again Summer ignored her phone. Summer logged onto her computer and began researching the care of her new body decorations. She migrated to websites that detailed the ways tattoos could be removed. Summer had no intention of keeping them. But, Summer was horrified at some of the results she saw from failed removals. The skin was damaged and permanently marked by the removals. It almost made some sense to suffer having to explain the tattoos than to contemplate the misery she would have to endure to have some or all of them from her body.

The tattoo on her back was causing her the most discomfort. Any band of clothing that ran across the eagle irritated the skin and was painful. Summer had of course kept the tattoo covered as had been advised in Marcos' note.

Summer prepared a light dinner and went about finalizing the times for the Alarm/Locksmith Company to get to her house on Wednesday morning. Summer had red wine with her meal, caught up on some class work and then went to bed. Summer's sleep was better and she woke up more refreshed on Wednesday morning, but the pain on her skin was still intense.

Summer went about her routine of cleaning and then moisturizing her tattoos by spreading the skin care products that she had used Monday & Tuesday. She tried to wear panties, but the waist band of each pair she tried on just did not feel comfortable across the eagle tattoo. So, Summer decided on her oversized Calia tee shirt and her white silk robe.

Summer had just settled down on a bar stool when there was a noise from behind her. There in the doorway to her kitchen through the opened French doors that led onto her patio was her young tormentor. She had absentmindedly opened the doors to let the early fall fresh air into the house.

Summer saw the look on Todd's face and she slipped down off of the bar stool and starting edging backwards away from her young tormentor. Her actions were met with, "Just what in the fuck are you doing slut not answering my text messages," Todd shouted.

Todd moved inside the door and closed the distance between the French doors and his slut teacher in an instant. Todd grabbed the stunned teacher by the arm and pulled her close to him so that his face was pressed against her.

"Answer me slut," Todd demanded.

Summer gathered her courage that she had fortified by being with herself the past two days and said, "Todd, this is enough. I am done being held hostage by a teenager. You will stop this immediately."

Todd just stared at the teacher and watched as her confident and strong demeanor began to fade. Todd realized that this was the point at which he was going to have to forcibly take the teacher and show her that she no longer had free will and no other option but to submit.

Todd grabbed the teacher and spun her around. Todd placed his hands on the teacher's shoulders and pushed her down onto the breakfast bar counter top. Todd slipped his feet between the teacher's feet and pushed them apart. Todd leaned in and said, "Now slut do not move."

Todd stepped away and pulled up the white silk robe and tee shirt. The hem of both garments rested above the bandage covering the teacher's eagle tattoo. "Now, I do not know what has gotten in to you slut, but you are mine to do with as I desire. If you have any questions, just take a look at the screen of your computer."

There in front of Summer was the Firefox cursor and she watched as Todd clicked the link. Once Firefox opened, Summer, still bent over the counter top watched Todd quickly keystroke the computer. Summer watched as a website opened on her laptop. The site was called, "Slut Teachers looking for young cock."

Summer watched as Todd scrolled through a couple of pages until he reached a door to "Anonymous sex with Slut Teachers". Todd clicked on the door and Summer watched as a full page of icons appeared. She watched as Todd scrolled down the page until he found Summer Slut. Todd paused to let the full effect of what he was doing appear to the teacher. Todd knew that this area of the site was where the teacher's faces were altered so that anyone looking would not be able to recognize the face, but could watch the cocks slipping in and out of the teacher's mouth.

Todd then said, "Slut you have your own dedicated page in this site. As you can see below, you have over 1,000 hits on your door in just one week."

"Todd, what are you doing? You cannot post pictures of me on a public site. My career and marriage will be over," Summer pleaded.

"Well slut, this site is more for the sharing of my slut teacher's escapades for all those young men and some women I have found that secretly have fantasized about having sex with their favorite teacher. I must say you are a star in only one week," Todd replied.

Todd then clicked on the link to a video titled, "The Sex Apparatus". Summer watched in horror as the screen filled with her tied bent over the apparatus with a cock in her ass and one in her mouth. She could not make out her face, but it was quite obvious to Summer that she was the woman in the video was sucking a cock while being ass fucked. The video was only five minutes long and when it ended, Todd could see Summer's body begin to tremble slightly.

Next Todd clicked on a link to a video labeled, "Teacher's Adult Store Spanking". The screen opened and there on the screen was the teacher, Summer, tied to the pole in Bill Fraser's store as he whipped her with various instruments. Summer watched as her body reacted to the spanking and she watched as her body was racked by an orgasm. Thankfully, the woman's face on the screen could not be seen, but Summer knew her body and she fully remembered the event.

"Why did you do this to me Todd," Summer asked, while not being able to hold back her tears.

"First of all slut, it is Master T," Todd reminded the still prone teacher. Continuing, "Secondly slut, because I can and you have no choice."

"Now, let's address your non-responsiveness to my text messages," Todd continued. 

Todd then went into how he had only texted her to find out how Summer was doing and if there was anything he could do to help her. He had wanted her to know that he understood that she would be in pain that she did not have to worry about him doing anything to her for a while until the pain from the tattoos had subsided. Todd told her that he knew that the tattoos would be painful to the touch for a bit, and that he would not want to cause her pain that would not result in the appropriate orgasmic ending. But now, because of her complete lack of responsiveness, Summer was going to have to pay for her transgressions.

But, before he dished out punishment, Todd wanted to really put his slut teacher in her place.

"Slut, I want you to reach down and move the cursor over to the icon on the lower right portion of the screen," Todd said.

Summer reached across the counter with her right hand knowing that this action forced her up onto her tiptoes further exposing her ass to Todd.

As her hand reached the keyboard of the laptop, Summer felt a harsh slap across her right ass cheek. "You did not say yes Master T," Todd said.

"But, Todd, I told you that this is stopping and I am not going to submit to you any longer," was Summer's meek reply.

With that, Todd laid into the prone teacher paying particular attention to each ass cheek working up and down each, but never striking the pad covering the eagle tattoo.

Todd did not let up and kept forcing the teacher down onto the counter with his hand pressed firmly into the middle of her back. He did not let up until, "Master T, please stop. I am sorry."

After applying one more slap of each cheek, Todd removed his hand from the teacher's back and said, "Ok slut, you can open the link."

Summer slid her hand back over to the laptop keyboard and moved the mouse to the icon on the right at the bottom of the page. Summer clicked on the icon and the screen went to a login page. Summer turned and looked at Todd, "What is this Master T."

"Well slut, this is the pay portion of the site. If someone wants to see you completely, they will have to pay me for that privilege."

"Master T, you cannot do that. I will be found out by everyone and my life will be ruined. You have promised me that you will not expose me if I submit to you," the now distraught teacher replied.

"Well you haven't exactly complied recently now have you slut," Todd asked.

"But Master T please," Summer pleaded.

"Well let me tell you about that area of the website slut," Todd replied. Todd continued, "That particular area of the site is not open to anyone at this point. I have uploaded all of my videos of you as well as from Bill Fraser, which includes your glory hole afternoon if you will remember. I do not plan on making your videos available to the public once the site goes live UNLESS you continue to not comply with my demands."

"But, make no mistake about it slut, if you do not comply with my directions and demands, everyone will be able to see what kind of slut you are. Imagine your son's finding that website, becoming members and then seeing their sweet teacher mom being gang banged and succumbing to orgasm after orgasm from cocks or pain inflicted upon you."

Summer was now trapped in a way that she had never anticipated. Her body had betrayed her in the past at the manipulations of this teenager. He had taken over her life in just three short weeks and she had now discovered that there was no way out for her except to comply.

"Yes Master T I understand and will comply with your demands and instructions," replied the defeated teacher.

"Take off your clothes slut," were Todd's next words.

Summer stood up, but with her feet still spread. She slowly pulled the robe from her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. Next Summer gingerly pulled the Calia tee shirt over her head. Once totally nude for her young master, she heard him ask, "Slut where are your slut heels?" 

Summer quickly replied, "Sorry Master T, but I did not think I would be required to wear them with my tattoos having just been completed.'

"Slut the moment that you realize that you no longer are allowed to think, then your life will be easier. You can forgo the thong as I know it will not be comfortable across your eagle tattoo, but the heels are required. You will be allowed to wear the white silk robe until your eagle tattoo heals properly. Now get those heels on!"

As if shot out of a cannon, Summer bolted out of the kitchen and ran upstairs to retrieve her white six inch slut heels. As she slipped her feet into the heels, Summer saw herself in the mirror. Her nipples were standing erect, her clit was elongated with the new piercing, her pussy lip piercings glistened with her juices and her rose tattoo highlighted the mound of her pussy. Summer straightened up and took in the full effect of the changes to her body imposed on her by her young master. Her breasts were now decorated with a blue butterfly in the cleavage formed by her breasts. She turned, pulled her hair up in a ball and craned her neck to look at the neck tattoo, which now indicated that she was owned by MT. Summer dared not to remove the bandage covering her back, but the sheer size of the bandage indicated to her the width and height of her tramp stamp tattoo. Summer shivered at the thought of being made to go back to Marcos' salon for him to "color" in the design as the tramp stamp was the most painful of her new tattoos, though the rose was painful, but like tiny bee stings still.




Summer composed herself and walked down the stairs where she was greeted by her smiling master. On the counter in front of him, Summer saw a tube of KY jelly, a medium sized zucchini and her pink butt plug. Instinctively, Summer knew that because of the clit piercing, any sex she had would be either giving blow jobs or being fucked in her ass. It appeared that she would be subjected at least to being fucked in her ass.

"Because you continue to disobey and disregard my specific instructions slut, you will need to make amends to me right now," Todd said. "Bend over the island there, spread your legs and stretch your arms all the way to the other end of the island.'

Summer quickly complied as she knew that she was teetering on being exposed and could not allow that to happen. Anything that Todd did to her this morning would pale against the possible ramifications of being exposed to the world to see that she was a slave and slut to men.

As he watched Summer lay across the island, Todd smiled to himself having anticipated her small revolt against his control. He had come prepared and was now going to impress upon his slut teacher the futility in refusing to serve as directed.

Once Summer had laid completely across the island, Todd moved to where her hands were extended and he grasped the right hand and slipped it through the knot in the rope that she had not seen. Todd looped the other end of the rope through the towel eye that, convenient for him, served as a perfect bondage attachment. Todd repeated the same process on Summer's left arm, which secured the teacher to her own kitchen island.

Next, Todd tied rope around each of Summer's ankles and ran the other end through the pulls of the drawers, which firmly affixed the teacher to her island with no way to escape. In this position, Summer's ass was fully exposed to her young master. Her breasts were pressed hard against the granite top of the island. Summer's pink asshole was peering back at Todd and it was at just the right height for his cock. But first, Todd wanted to manipulate the teacher further cementing his ownership of her.

Todd noticed that each of Summer's ass cheeks and upper legs were still a toasty red from the spanking that he had administered earlier. Todd approached Summer holding the zucchini in one hand and a tube of "warming" KY Jelly in the other. Todd squeezed a large amount of jelly into Summer's crack making very sure not to get close to the bottom edge of the bandage covering the eagle tattoo.

Todd watched as the glob of jelly worked its way down Summer's crack to her asshole. As it reached her asshole, Todd began to massage it in and around the teacher's now puckering ass hole. Todd slowly slipped a finger inside Summer's ass to work more of the jelly inside. Then Todd worked a second finger into the now expanding ass hole as her sphincter muscle relaxed. Todd felt the teacher's ass start to squeeze his fingers as he slowly pushed them deeper into her ass.

With a pop, Todd removed his fingers and picked up the zucchini that he had found in Summer's refrigerator. It was not large in diameter, maybe one and a half inches, but it was almost eight inches long and he thought that that would do the trick. Todd spread a gracious amount of warming KY jelly over half of the vegetable dildo. His plan was to work it into his slut's ass and manipulate her to the point of orgasm.

Summer felt her ass begin to burn slightly as her young master worked his fingers in and out of her ass. She was almost up on her tip toes because of the position that she had been placed as well as being bound to the kitchen island. The backs of her legs were burning slightly from the position and her breasts were burning as the cold marble top was irritating to the new tattoos.

Summer did not dare to turn her head and look to see what Todd was doing when his fingers were pulled from her ass. But, Summer had let out a sigh as the pleasure she was deriving from his touch stopped. She did not understand how being submissive to one of her students could have such an impact on her sexuality, but she was beginning to get turned on by being bound to her island and having her young master manipulate her ass.

Todd looked at the pink, but puckered ass hole of his slut teacher and just smiled to himself. As he placed the end of the zucchini against it, Todd watched as Summer's ass hole slowly relaxed as the head of the zucchini eased passed the sphincter muscle and inched its way inside the dark cannel of the prone and bound teacher. With the curved, stalk end of the zucchini pressed against his palm, Todd pushed gently, but firmly to force the full eight inches inside Summer. Once he had it fully inserted, Todd pulled a roll of duct tape out of his back pack, tore off an eight inch strip and then placed the strip across the stalk of the vegetable dildo and smoothed it against Summer's red ass cheeks.

Summer felt the full length of the vegetable dildo slip into her ass. She tried very hard to relax as her young master forced it slowly into her dark tunnel. Once the pressure of the zucchini stopped, Summer heard the rip of the duct tape and then felt the tape being applied to each of her ass cheeks effectively locking the vegetable in her ass. The sensation was both humiliating and exciting at the thought of being manipulated by a vegetable. She had played around with strawberries and whipped cream with her husband James, but never to this extent. The feeling was exhilarating and erotic as well as degrading to be turned on in this manner.

"Ok slut, turn your head back this way and look over your shoulder," was Todd's next instruction.

As Summer turned, her eyes were caught by the sudden flash of her young master's camera as he was capturing her degradation and submission there in the kitchen of her home on the granite topped island. Summer watched as Todd walked in front of her and positioned a video camera right in front of her so that the lens was pointed directly at her face. Next, Todd stood to the side of Summer's head and brought her pink butt plug up to her lips. "Open your mouth slut and take your plug," were Todd's instructions.

Summer opened her mouth and Todd slipped the tip of the plug inside. Todd slowly began to push the plug into his slut's mouth all the while his video camera captured her oral compliance.

Once the pink butt plug was securely held in place by Summer's lips, Todd stood to the side of the camera and stripped off his shoes, pants and boxers. Summer watched as Todd's cock came into view and was standing at almost full mast. Apparently she had turned him on with her submission Summer thought to herself.

Summer watched as Todd moved behind her. "Look at the camera slut," were Todd's next instructions.

Summer turned her head just as Todd ripped the duct tape off of her ass cheeks causing her to scream into the butt plug, but no sound escaped her mouth. Next Summer felt the zucchini dildo being pulled from her ass. Todd walked back in front of her and placed the vegetable in front of Summer and in the lens frame for the camera.

Todd walked back behind his slut teacher, applied some of the warming KY jelly to his cock and massaged in along the length of his ever hardening cock. Todd liked the feeling as the jelly warmed the length of his shaft and he wondered how Summer liked the sensation as he placed the tip of his cock at the entrance to his teacher's dark tunnel.

With only one thrust, Todd buried his cock completely into the teacher's ass. Summer's head reared back against the pain inflicted by Todd's sudden attack. Todd began to force his cock in and out of his teacher's ass all the while her facial expressions were being captured by his camera. Todd would bring his cock head to the opening of the teacher's ass and then slam the full length back into her.

Todd picked up his pace because he had already been turned on by manipulating the teacher with the zucchini and now his cock had taken the vegetable dildo's place deep in Summer's ass. He paused slightly and then slammed his hips against the poor teacher's stretched ass cheeks as his cock exploded shooting his hot cum into her bowels.

Summer's body reacted to that attack in her ass and was able to move back against Todd's thrusts slightly. But that action, forced the clit piercing to rub against the end of her now fully erect clit, which was causing both pain and pleasure. As Summer's ass forced backwards against her young master's cock, she was surprised by the sudden explosion deep inside her which gave her a simultaneous orgasm. Summer's eyes were screwed tightly shut as the orgasm advanced over her body. She was brought out of the euphoria of her orgasm by the sudden withdrawal of her young master's cock. Todd reached around and pulled the butt plug roughly out of Summer's mouth and with one quick push, fully inserted the plug, wet with Summer's saliva, all the way into her ass. Now, there was no way for Todd's cum to escape the teacher's ass.

Todd then went about getting dressed and putting away the video camera and stand. Todd reached in front of his bound teacher, picked up the zucchini and said, "Open wide slut." As Summer's mouth opened, the vegetable dildo with her ass juices was slid into her mouth and to the back of her throat. Summer could taste her ass juices and was revolted by being made to do it. But, at the same time, an emotion of bliss and submission came over her as she began to press her pussy down against the marble counter top of her island. The clit piercing rubbed the head of her clit and she began to moan around the zucchini. Todd took several pictures documenting Summer's compliant reaction to him and her need for an orgasm without being stimulated by his cock.

Just as she was cumming, the doorbell rang. Summer realized just then that the locksmith had arrived to change the locks to the house so that Todd could not access it with the keys he had made.

"So, who is at the door slut," Todd asked.

Summer of course could not answer because her mouth was still filled with her ass juice covered zucchini dildo.

Todd reached over and grabbed the zucchini by the stalk end. He pulled on the vegetable slightly and Summer let it slip from her mouth. Summer had to cough and wet inside of her mouth before speaking, "Master T, that is the Locksmith who is here to change the locks on the house."

"So, why are you changing the locks to your house slut," Todd asked.

"Master T, in a weak moment, I had intended on changing the locks so that your keys could not access the house. I now understand that that was wrong of me," Summer replied.

"Well, slut, I am not so sure you understand that. But, let's see how you convince the locksmith and apologize to him for changing your mind," was Todd's response.

Todd reached over and pulled the bandage off of Summer's back. He could see that there we several small blood stains as the area had not completely healed this quickly. Summer whimpered as the bandage was pulled from her skin. Todd saw Marcos' handiwork again and he was indeed pleased with the final results. The wing span of the eagle was outstretched the width of the teacher's lower back. The eagle's claws reached down almost to Summer's ass crack while the head and beak extended six inches above the tan line. That tattoo is going to look great when she wears a bikini Todd thought.

Todd reached down and released each of Summer's ankles. Todd then tugged on the pink butt plug to make sure that it was firmly held in place by the teacher's ass hole. To further test the grip, Todd pushed the base of the butt plug as hard as he could to ensure that the plug was fully embedded in the poor teacher's ass. Todd then spanked the teacher's ass with five quick slaps on each of her ass cheeks.

"Now slut, you are going to make sure that the locksmith is happy when he finds out that his services are no longer needed. I am sure that there is a minimum fee for him to come out. So all you have to do is make sure he is happy when he leaves," Todd told the still prone and bound teacher.

"Do you understand slut," Todd asked?

"Yes Master T, I understand," was Summer's timid reply.

Summer now began to worry about what she would be required to do to make sure that the locksmith was happy before he leaves. Oh my, I have no clothes to put on now.

"I see that worried look in your eyes slut. So here is what you are going to do. You will put on your white silk robe, answer the door and invite the locksmith in. Then you will explain that you have changed your mind and that you understand that you owe the minimum fee for the service call. You will walk the locksmith back to the kitchen where you will bend over your desk and write out a check for the charge," Todd ordered. "Then, you will offer the locksmith coffee to start making him happy. Do you understand slut," Todd finished.

"Yes Master T, but please do not make me do this. I am concerned that I may run into him again out in public and he will have seen me," Summer replied.

"Well slut, I can leave you tied to the island, go to the front door, let him and tell him that you are in the kitchen waiting on him. So, what is your choice slut," Todd asked.

Summer knew that she was cornered. If she refused, Todd would go to the front door, let the locksmith in and then she could be at the mercy of the locksmith. Summer thought, the worst that can happen if she goes to the door dressed only in her robe and shoes is that she might have to give the guy a blowjob. She had given so many blowjobs recently Summer thought what harm could come from one more. "Master T, I will go to the door as you require," replied the teacher.

"Very good slut. Here let me untie your wrists," Todd replied.

Todd released each wrist, but did not untie the rope from the towel ring just like he had left the rope that had secured Summer's legs still fastened to the drawer pulls. Todd then helped Summer to stand and steady herself. Next Todd helped put the robe on his slut teacher. There was at that moment another chime from the doorbell, only this time it was several rings indicating that the locksmith was getting impatient.

Summer looked down and saw that her nipples were standing at full attention and further enhanced by the bar bell piercings. The blue butterfly tattoos were clearly visible if she did not keep the front of the robe closed. But, when she pulled the front of the robe closed, it tightened the robe around her and she could feel the fabric stick to her back. Summer chose to keep the robe pulled tightly so that her breasts were not fully visible.

As Summer started down the hallway towards the front door, Todd quickly gathered up his personal items, stuffed them into his back pack and quietly walked out the back door onto the patio. He took up a position that was mostly obscured from view from inside the house as he was camouflaged by the large planters on the patio.

As Summer walked across the hardwood floors leading to her front door, she was overcome with fear of what was about to happen to her. But, she was more concerned with what Todd could do to her by opening up her private facial profile on the "Slut Teacher" website. Anyone using that site would have access to her file and would immediately recognize her. That was something that Summer had to avoid at all costs. And greeting the locksmith dressed as she was, is just one of those costs.

As Summer approached the door, she noticed two figures outside her door. She looked through the cut glass window to see two men on her front porch. She recognized Mark Freeman who is the landscape company owner that takes care of her yard and the other man must be the locksmith.

"Oh my God, what do I do now," Summer said out loud.

Summer watched through the glass and watched in horror as faces were pressed against the glass in the door and she knew that they could see her.

Mark Freeman called out, "Summer, this is Mark. I came by to check on the sprinkler system and to talk about the hot tub your husband wants to install."

Through the door Summer replied, "Mark I am not fully dressed. Can you please come back this weekend to talk about the hot tub?"

"No I really cannot Summer," was Mark's reply.

"Could you go around to the patio and take a look at the area that you want to put the hot tub," Summer asked.

"Summer stop delaying me. I have the plans that you have to review. I have already looked at the patio. You need to approve the plans. And additionally, you are making the locksmith wait which is rude. Now open the door Summer," Mark said quite forcefully.

Summer was trapped. She could not open the door and suffer the consequences that had already been spelled out to her by her young master, or she could submit herself to two men dressed as she was. Summer felt her nipples hardening at the tone of Mark's instructions. To open the door, Summer of course had to let go of her robe to turn the door knob and the bolt lock.

As soon as the door cracked open, Mark Freeman pushed his way inside barely looking at Summer as he made his way down the hall to the kitchen. Following right behind Mark was a very large, but tall black man. The black man introduced himself as Delvin Scott from the locksmith company.

As Delvin introduced himself to Summer, his eyes followed the edges of her silk robe and he concentrated on the cleavage of her breasts as the teacher's hands clutched the robe pulling it tightly against her body. Delvin's eyes then found the two protruding nipples pressed tightly against the silk material of the robe and he could easily make out the piercings in each.

"Ms. Wayne, I am here to change out all of your locks. I have been allocated two hours for the job, so where do you want me to start," Delvin asked.

"Delvin, I must apologize to you as I have decided to not change my locks at this time. I know that there is a service charge and I will gladly write you a check now for the charge so that you will not be inconvenienced anymore," Summer said.

"Ms. Wayne, I drove almost an hour to get to you first thing this morning as you made appear that you were desperate to have you house re-keyed. I do not appreciate you doing this to me," Delvin said while staring down at the now trembling teacher.

"Let's go back to the kitchen where my check book is and I will pay you the service call charge and you can be on your way Mr. Scott," Summer said in a low and docile voice.

Summer turned and headed down the hall towards the kitchen. She could see Mark leaning over the island in the middle of the kitchen right where the bindings that up until just a few minutes ago had bound her to that very island.

The locksmith followed behind Summer, but kept himself at a short distance so he could take in the ass of the teacher as the bottom of her ass cheeks were barely covered by the robe. Delvin could also make out the design across the teacher's lower back and he could see tiny red specks dotting the lower portion of the robe.

In front of Summer, she found Mark Freeman staring at her as she walked down the hall. Summer felt like it was the Green Mile walk to her punishment. She had already experienced Mark's rough treatment as he had previously forced his cock down her throat and now she was faced with trying to prevent a scene with him in front of the big locksmith.

As Summer reached the kitchen, she told the locksmith to sit at the bar and she would get her check book out of her desk to write him a check. She heard Delvin say, "Take your time Ms. Wayne as I can sit here and watch you all day."

That comment sent a shiver down Summer's body. She knew that she had been on display with the loose fitting robe, but a lewd comment like that always had the same effect. She felt his power over her and her body began to betray her.



As Summer reached her desk, she knew that three sets of eyes were watching her: Mark Freeman, Mr. Scott and her young master as he watched from his hiding spot on the patio. Summer understood what she was required to do with all of those eyes on her. She paused as long as she felt she could and then bent over to retrieve her check book from the desk drawer. Summer felt the hem of the robe rise over her ass cheeks and she knew that she was required to give the locksmith a show to thank him for coming out to re-key the house only to be told that she did not need his work. However, she had not been prepared to have to give the same view to Mark Freeman.

Slowly Summer drew the check book out of the drawer. It was a business style check book with three checks to the page. She fumbled with the cover as she had not opened the drawer far enough to be able to easily get the check book out. As Summer placed the book on the desktop, she slowly spread her legs, bent further at the waist, grabbed a pen and turned to ask, "Mr. Scott, how much is the service fee for the call today?"

Summer found two pair of eyes raping her body. Both men had their eyes fixated on her ass and she knew that they could see the base of the pink butt plug between her ass cheeks. She felt her body heating up as she realized that she was performing for the two men at the direction of her young master. Summer knew that she had to please the locksmith, but now she was trapped and possibly would have to do the same type of pleasing to her landscaper.

"Well, Ms. Wayne, or is it Summer," Delvin asked.

"Oh, you can call me Summer if you want to Delvin," Summer quickly replied.

"Well Summer, I think it best for you to call me Mr. Scott, don't you think," Delvin asked.

"Yes Mr. Scott that is appropriate for me," Summer replied. Continuing, "So Mr. Scott, how much do I make the check for and to whom do I make the check payable," the now shaking teacher asked.

Delvin got down off of the bar stool, took the two steps to the desk and came right up behind the teacher. Summer felt the body heat from the big locksmith as he leaned in over her shoulder. She felt his body lean into hers as he said, "My normal fee would be $100, but because you had me drive all the way over here first thing on a Monday morning, I think $100, a cup of coffee and a picture of me standing with you for my men would be the minimum payment."

"Mr. Scott, I will be glad to make you a cup of coffee, but I really do not want a picture taken of me with another man. As you know, I am married," replied the now scared teacher.

"Well Summer, it is a picture for me and it will go a long way towards making me feel better about driving all the way here, through the morning traffic and then you canceling on me," replied Delvin who could see how Summer was beginning to lean back against him.

Summer continued to make out the check for $100 not realizing that she was no longer holding the robe tightly against her body because she was using both hands to make out the check. "Who do I make the check payable to Mr. Scott," Summer asked.

"You can make it out to me Summer and on the "for" line, please put for services rendered," Delvin said. "My guys will get a kick out of that."

"Hey Delvin, I will take your picture with Summer. I know that Summer really likes to please men and I think she will more than happy to do as you tell her, won't you Summer," Mark said. "Summer, you sit here on the bar stool facing me and Delvin, you stand behind her."

Delvin pulled Summer away from the desk and led her to the bar stool. Delvin pulled the bar stool back away from the island and made it face directly at Mark. "Here Mark use my phone as it has a really good quality camera," Mark said.

Summer felt a rush come over her body. Here she was again being manipulated by strange men and her body was betraying her. The teacher's body still reacted with pain to movement as the tattoos were still quite painful. But, the men's looks and directions were having the now familiar effects on the teacher as she willingly was led to the bar stool. As she slid onto the wood bar stool seat, Summer felt her pink butt plug being pushed deeper inside her ass. She tried to hold the white silk robe together, but she had to use her hands to move her body up onto the stool.

While she had been positioning herself on the bar stool, Summer was unaware that Mark had been snapping off several pictures with his own cell phone. He was sure that he saw a rose tattoo over the teacher's pussy as well as the blue butterfly ones on her breasts. His goal was to fully document her body adornments right here in the teacher's kitchen.

Delvin positioned himself over the teacher's left shoulder effectively trapping her between him and the island. Delvin leaned in and put his hands on each of Summer's shoulders as the flash from his camera phone took the first picture. "Give the camera a really sexy look Summer," Delvin said to Summer.

Summer, at Delvin's instruction, tried her best to be sexy. Mark continued to take picture after picture of the teacher as she became more and more relaxed by the simple touches by Delvin and the occasional glance she got from her young master.

"Summer reach up with your arms and place your hands behind Delvin's neck," Mark ordered.

Summer knew that this would further expose her body to the camera, but her body was reacting to the two men, the camera and the watchful eyes of her young master. As Summer reached up, Delvin lowered his head just a little to allow the teacher's hands to go around his neck. As she reached up, Delvin's hands slid the robe open for Mark's camera. As the robe was being pulled open, Summer's butterfly tattoos, her nipple piercings, her new navel piercing and the rose tattoo over her pussy came into full view. Summer's legs were still pressed together so neither Mark or Delvin had seen her clit piercing, but the trapped teacher felt her pussy begin to flow with juices that would soon pool between her legs.

Delvin leaned in and began whispering into Summer's ear telling the teacher how sexy she was and how great her body looked. He began to run his hands up and down her arms further opening the robe until it fell off of her shoulders. Summer tried to slip her hands loose from around Delvin's neck, but he prevented this movement. Whispering into the teacher's ear, Delvin said, "Relax Summer. I have a very large cock and you are going to enjoy taking it down your throat, in your pussy and up your ass."

Mark moved closer and focused the lens of the camera phone on each of Summer's breasts paying particular attention to the butterfly tattoos. He noticed the redness around each and that let him know that they were really new. He reached over and spread the robe fully open so that Summer's body was no longer covered. Mark slipped his hand between Summer's closed knees and starting pushing them open. Delvin saw this and said to Summer, "Spread your legs for me. Let Mark get a close-up of your hot and probably very wet pussy."

Summer only moaned as Delvin's hands had found their way to her breasts and he was carefully massaging each one. "Ouch," Summer cried. "I just got those yesterday and my skin is very sensitive."

"Well Summer I am sorry that they hurt. I will try to be more careful," cracked the leering locksmith.

Delvin took each of Summer's pierced nipples between his fingers and began to pull as well as twist them while Mark continued to capture every action with the phone camera. Delvin whispered in Summer's ear again, "Spread your legs now."

Slowly, Summer allowed Mark's hand to pull her legs apart. It was then that Mark got the first glimpse of the piercing of Summer's clit as well as the upside down rose with the stem working upwards above her tan line. "Wow Summer, I love the piercing in your clit. It matches the one in your nipples. And your rose tattoo is really hot. They make you look like a slut. When did you get them," Mark inquired.

"I got them yesterday along with the tattoo on my back and neck," Summer said before realizing that she had fully revealed just it yesterday along with my tattoos.

In unison, both Mark and Delvin said, "On your back?" Let's see that one too.

Mark and Delvin guided the teacher down off of the bar stool and her robe was pulled down her arms as she stood before them. "Turn around and show us Summer," Delvin said.

"Alright Delvin," Summer said.

"Well, I said it should be Mr. Scott and not Delvin. That is too personal for a slut like you," Delvin said.

"Yes Mr. Scott," Summer said.

Summer stood before the two men with her back to them facing the French doors to the patio. She could see her young master hidden behind the planters, his cock out and he was stroking a huge erection.

The men could see the Eagle tattoo, but could not see the tattoo on her neck. "Pull your

hair up so we can see your neck Summer," Mark said.

Summer used both hands to pull her hair up to show Mark and Delvin her MT tattoo. "Wow that looks like that golfer's logo. What does it say Summer," Mark asked. 

"It is the initials M and T," replied the teacher.

"But, what does it mean," replied Mark.

"Well, it does not really mean anything Mark specifically, but for me I wanted it to mean More Trouble," Summer said with a laugh hoping her lie worked.

"More trouble for what slut," Delvin asked.

"And what about the eagle tattoo Summer. What does that mean," Mark asked.

"Mark, that is the school mascot and I wanted something to show my school spirit," Summer replied.

"Well Summer, I have heard some lame reasons before, but yours are pretty lame," Delvin said. "I think someone made you get these piercings and tattoos, especially the MT one on your neck. Initials on your neck indicates ownership by someone."

"Summer, bend over just a little so that I can get a picture of your back and your neck in the same frame," Mark ordered.

Summer let go of her hair and began to bend over when she was told to keep her hands on her hair as she bent over. As Summer complied with her newest instructions, both men could now see the pink butt plug peering out from between the teacher's ass cheeks. "Bend over further Summer and spread your legs more," Delvin ordered.

Summer was now bent over at her waist, both hands holding her hair above her head and her legs were spread shoulder width apart all the while with her feet firmly placed inside her white six inch slut heels. "No, that does not work Summer. Bend your head down so that your hair falls over your face, bend over further and place your hands on your ass cheeks," Mark ordered.

As Summer bent her head further, her hair began to cascade around her face. Summer reached behind and put a hand on each ass cheek and pulled them apart further displaying the butt plug as well as further humiliating herself in front of these two men. The backs of her legs were burning as the heels were forcing her leg muscles to tighten the longer she was bent over exposing her ass to Mark and Delvin.

"Ok Delvin, stand beside Summer, place your hands on her beautiful ass and Summer turn and look back at me," ordered Mark.

Delvin stood beside the bent teacher and placed a hand on each of her ass cheeks. Slowly, Summer turned her head to look back at the camera while Delvin stood on her left side. Delvin gently, but firmly spread Summer's ass cheeks further exposing the base of the butt plug. That is when Summer heard Mark say, "Damn, Delvin this slut has had her clit and pussy lips pierced."

Hearing her called slut made the teacher cringe with further humiliation. Here were two men in her home fondling her ass, taking pictures of her degradation and now calling her slut. Of course, Summer's pussy was betraying her as more of her juices began to form and slowly leak out.

Summer's face felt the flashes and her eyes were temporarily blinded by the several pictures taken by Mark as Delvin stood beside her, spreading her ass cheeks and pressing his crotch against her. Summer could feel Delvin's cock pressing against her like a small log.

"Slut, when did you get your pussy piercings," Mark asked.

While still looking at the camera, Summer replied, "I had my lips pierced a couple of weeks ago Mark. I had my clit pierced on Sunday so it is really sore."

"Delvin, come look at the slut teacher's pussy. Take a good look at these piercings as they really stand out," Mark told Delvin.

Delvin released Summer's ass cheeks and stepped behind the teacher. "I cannot see very well teacher. Bend over and place your hands on your knees," Delvin ordered.

Summer thought that her humiliations would take over her life. She was becoming turned on again at the treatment of these two men forcing her to submit to their directions. The more she submitted, the more turned on she became. And, as a result, the more she needed to submit.

Summer felt a finger slide between her cheeks and begin to play with her pussy lip ring piercings. "Please do not play with the clit piercing. I am concerned with infection so I have to be careful," Summer pleaded.

The fingers continued to play and pull on the pussy rings, but they did not move any further towards her clit piercing. But, the fingers were causing her to edge backwards towards the fingers.

"Delvin, here you take back your phone and take some pictures while I play with Summer a little," Mark said.

"Gladly Mark," replied Delvin.

"Now Summer, I want you to reach back and once again spread your ass cheeks as wide as you can," Mark ordered.

As Summer reached back to her ass, she did not raise back up. In this position, the teacher was peering back towards Delvin as he continued to take picture after picture with the flashes further illuminating her depravity. Summer felt liquid slowly running between her ass cheeks. Next Summer felt a finger running around the base of the plug as it rested against her asshole. The butt plug was tapered so that the large bulb of the plug rested against the inside wall of her dark passageway, but her sphincter muscles kept a tight grip on the tapered end keeping the plug firmly planted up her ass.

Mark began to slowly work the plug out of the teacher's ass. The olive oil he had just poured between her ass cheeks would help to lubricate the extraction as well as allow the plug to be easily reinserted. Summer's muscles grabbed at the plug as it was slowly being pulled out of her ass, but Mark was planning was to fuck the bent over teacher's ass and he wanted it stretched as much as possible. That is when Mark saw the zucchini laying on the island. Mark reached over and grabbed the vegetable wondering why it was there in the first place. That is when Mark noticed the rope attached to the island also.

"Delvin, grab that bar stool and lets have the teacher lay over the seat so that we can get better access to her ass," Mark said.

"Please Mark, don't do this to me," Summer pleaded.

Mark and Delvin paid no attention the teacher as they arranged the bar stool and grabbed the rope. Mark guided the teacher over to the bar stool by pulling her with the butt plug and then pushing her over the stool as he forced the plug all the way back in with a squishing noise caused by the olive oil.

As Summer lay across the seat of her bar stool, Mark continued to fuck the butt plug in and out of her ass. Mark paused each action so that the largest portion of the plug was held in place by the teacher's sphincter muscles as it stretched her anal opening. Each time that Mark pulled the plug all the way out, Summer's asshole was gaped open. Mark would pour additional oil into the teacher's asshole to provide further lubrication.

Todd remained hidden on the patio, but had become a little more brazen in watching the action in Summer's kitchen. Todd had been taking pictures without a flash so that he would not be discovered. He had been careful not to capture the faces of the two men as he wanted to be able to post the action on his website. Also, Todd's cock stood at full attention as he slowly stroked himself as he watched the further humiliation of his slut teacher. What he was watching further strengthened his control over Summer because Todd knew that Summer's pleasure was now being derived by being humiliated as well as being forced to please men and their cocks.

Delvin and Mark worked quickly to secure the teacher to her own bar stool. Summer's ankles were tied to the base of the bar stool with each leg attached to a leg of the stool. Summer's arms were pulled forward and then stretched downward as they were attached to the bar stool.

Summer listened as clothing was being taken off and she now knew that her body was about to be used by men again for their pleasure. But, her body was betraying her as Mark continued to work the butt plug in and out of her ass, moans escaped the teacher's mouth as her body craved more attention and her mind craved further degradation.

Summer then felt a cock head being pressed against her lips and opened her eyes to see Delvin's cock. The bulbous head was bigger than any she had seen and the slit at the top of the cock was slightly open as Delvin stroked it to full erection. "Open your mouth slut and take my cock," Delvin told the teacher.

Before Summer could comply, she felt her hair being tugged upwards at about the same time as she felt a cock being slipped into her ass. Delvin worked his cock slowly into Summer's mouth and talked her through relaxing her throat muscles as his cock went deeper and deeper down her throat.

Mark meanwhile was not as patient and began to saw his cock in and out of the teacher's ass without mercy. He would pull his cock all the way out watching Summer's gape open and then ram his cock back into her. He was working on a rhythmic motion with Delvin, but he was more interested in depositing his cum deep in the teacher's bowels.

Mark was the first to erupt spewing his cum deep into Summer's ass. Delvin watched as Mark was rapid firing his cock in and out of the teacher's ass until he erupted deep inside the bound teacher. Once Mark's cock stopped convulsing, Delvin pulled his cock unwillingly out of Summer's mouth and stepped behind her.

Delvin pointed his cock head directly at the teacher's gaping asshole and slowly slid his cock inside Summer. Delvin was cautious because he had a very large cock and many housewives had been hard pressed to take his cock all the way into their asses. Delvin liked fucking a white woman's ass as it made him feel powerful and he knew how degrading it was to a woman to be fucked in the ass. He also knew that a woman really wanted to be treated like a slut, but this teacher was getting off on being degraded more than any other woman he had been with before.

Summer got into a rhythm with Delvin and his big cock. She could feel his balls slap against her each time he buried his cock inside her ass. She could feel his coarse pubic hair rubbing on her ass as he cock plugged deep inside her. What Summer did not realize was the her young master was capturing all of the action on his camera and was moments away from splashing his cum against the lounge chair that he was using to hide while filming Summer's continued degradation.

Delvin gave out a low groan and then said, "Here it is slut, take my cum."

Summer felt Delvin's cock erupt in her ass and she immediately began to cum. Her body convulsed matching each spurt from Delvin's cock. Her ass grabbed and milked all of Delvin's cum into her dark passageway as it mixed with Mark's cum that had already been deposited there.

Summer's body finally stopped convulsing and went limp. Delvin pulled his cock out of the teacher and watched as her asshole remained gaped open and small trail of cum followed his cock out.



"You don't think we killed her do you," Mark asked.

"Nah man, she just has not had a cock like mine before," Delvin said with a huge grin.

Mark and Delvin untied Summer, picked her up and lay her down on the kitchen island on her stomach. Delvin slid the zucchini back into Summer's ass to make sure that the cum deposited would stay inside. Each man took another couple of shots of the prone teacher, legs spread wide, vegetable plug inserted and her streaked hair in total disarray. 

Summer awoke sometime later with her body pressed hard against the island's surface as she had been grinding her pelvic bone and pussy against the granite. Summer reached behind her and began to fuck herself with her vegetable butt plug until her body erupted in another orgasm and again she passed out.

