Summer's Blackmail Ch. 23
bywilcox010©
Summer Wayne is a 40 year old married high school Senior English teacher that is being blackmailed by one of her students for three weeks. She is required to call him Master T and she is completely under his control. Master T has had each of Summer's nipples pierced, each of her pussy lips is adorned with ring piercings, she has had her hair cut into a much younger cut that barely reaches her neck, it is jagged in style and her hair has received extensive highlighting to further change her appearance. Her fingernails have been lengthened by acrylic nails of almost ¾ inches in length and painted a bright red to match her toenails. She has had her clit pierced and her body is adorned with five tattoos further humiliating her and further degraded/dominated by her high school master. To my readers, I apologize for the time that passes between recent stories. I have been busy with work and personal matters so writing had to take a back seat. I promise to do better!

*****

After using the poor teacher for most of Wednesday morning, Mark, the landscape company manager, and Delvin, the locksmith, had untied Summer from the bar stool, picked up the unconscious teacher and laid her on top of the kitchen island on her stomach. Delvin slid the zucchini back into Summer's ass to make sure that the cum deposited there would stay inside the teacher. Each man took another couple of candid shots of the prone teacher, legs spread wide, vegetable plug inserted and her streaked hair in total disarray. Mark and Delvin left the teacher there as they let themselves out of Summer's house satisfied that they had found a source for an occasional sexual adventure.

Mark specifically thought ahead to when his crew would be installing the large Jacuzzi on the back patio and how he would christen it for his friend James, Summer's husband. Delvin, thought about the last housewife he had had his way with and how his poker buddies had enjoyed her also. He had already started planning a night where the slut teacher would be his slave on poker night, which would transcend to poke her night.

Summer awoke sometime later with her body pressed hard against the island's surface as she had been grinding her pelvic bone and pussy against the granite. Summer reached behind her and began to fuck herself with her vegetable butt plug until her body erupted in another orgasm and again she passed out.

Summer's body was betraying her mind. Her brain kept telling her that she should stop submitting to her young master and avoid all of the humiliating situations he put her into. However, her body reacted to the stimulant of being forced to do things to please men and how her body reacted in orgasm each time she submitted to please the men.

Summer finally woke from her multiple orgasms just as her maid Maria came walking in from the garage. Summer was laying on her stomach on the kitchen island with the zucchini still fully inserted in her ass. Her pink butt plug was standing upright next to her head and all Summer had on were her six inch slut heels. Summer only had time to scramble off of the island, grab her robe and grab her butt plug before heading down the hallway to the stairs.

Maria caught only a glimpse of her employer as she dashed down the hallway. She watched as Summer had to bend over and pick something up off of the floor. Maria could see that Summer did not have any clothes on except for the white ridiculously high heeled shoes. Summer was not supposed to be home as she was a teacher, so Maria had not bothered to announce her arrival.

Summer had forgotten about the zucchini plugging her ass as she ran down the hallway to the stairs that led up to her bedroom. As she stepped onto the first stair, Summer felt the vegetable butt plug slip from her ass and hit the floor. "Oh, my God," Summer said out loud, but not too loud. Summer watched in horror as the squash hit the floor and bounced about two feet away way from her. Summer scrambled backwards, stooped down, picked up the squash and then resumed her assent up the stairs.

Maria then noticed the bar stool in the middle of the floor, the rope that was attached to each leg and then several puddles of liquid that she could only surmise was fresh cum. Maria wondered to herself what her employer had been up to, but she had work to do right then.

Summer was out of breath the minute her six inch heels hit the landing at the top of the stairs. She could not remember ever going up her stairs that fast. Then she realized that she had left the rope attached to the bar stool. Summer devised a plan to not come out of her room until Maria finished cleaning the house. Summer went into her bedroom, locked the door and then feel onto her Egyptian sheets on the bed and fell fast asleep again.

Summer was awakened by a hard knock on her door. "Ms. Wayne, this is Maria. Can I come in to clean," Maria asked.

"No Maria, I am not feeling well today so do not worry about my room," Summer answered.

"Ok Ms. Wayne. Can you give me my check please? It was not on the desk where you always leave it," Maria said.

Summer realized that she had just plain forgotten about Maria coming on Wednesdays. She was relieved that Maria came later in the day or she would have walked in to find Summer bent over the bar stool with a cock in her mouth and one in her ass. "I will be out in a few minutes Maria," Summer answered.

"Ok Ms. Wayne, I am ready to go now," Maria said.

Summer looked at her clock and it was almost five in the afternoon. Her body ached from being tied to the bar stool, her ass was stretched from the vegetable butt plug as well as the three cocks that had deposited cum deep inside of her. She felt stickiness between her legs and reached behind to find wetness on her ass, crusty cum between her ass cheeks and on the inside of her thighs.

"Just a minute Maria. Let me take a shower and I will be right down," Summer said.

"No Ms. Wayne. I need my check now as I am late leaving to go to with Manual for our commercial clean and I cannot be late," Maria countered.

"Damn. Why is it that everyone tells me what to do," Summer asked herself.

"Alright Maria, I will be right out," Summer said.

Summer scrambled out of her bed and headed for the door before she realized that she was clothed only in her white slut heels and her see through robe. Summer made a quick turn and walked into her closet. She found her sweat pants and the matching tank top. She slipped her tired feet out of the heels. As her feet touched the soft pile Berber carpet, a drop of cum ran down her leg. "Oh my God, I have cum everywhere," Summer said to herself.

"What am I going to do," Summer once again said to herself.

"Maria, I really need a shower. Please give me a couple of minutes to freshen up," Summer asked.

"Ms. Wayne you are making me late to my next appointment. Come out now so you can pay me," the maid answered.

Maria was getting aggravated by being made to wait. She always felt like her customers thought she was just someone who cleaned toilets for a living. Maria had been born in the United States to illegal immigrant parents. She had graduated from Summer Wayne's high school and had even taken English from Ms. Wayne during her senior year. Now here she was being forced to wait just to get her few dollars for her weekly clean. Maria was already mad because her second husband had been aggravated when she would not change her schedule to help him on his job. Manual owned a franchise cleaning service and he had a very important client that had engaged him to complete a clean tonight. Maria did not mind helping Manual out, but today was just a difficult day for her. Maria knew that Manual was not waiting patiently in the kitchen.

"Alright Maria, be patient and I will be right out," Summer said in a less than friendly way.

Maria quickly replied, "Stop making me wait. I need my check now."

Summer could hear the frustration and anger in Maria's voice. Maria had worked for her and James for several years. She had always done a very good job, but today, Maria was acting out of character and Summer was a bit unnerved by the change in Maria's attitude.

Summer had to think quickly as she did not want cum leaking out of her ass as she went downstairs to give Maria her check. Summer turned and saw the pink butt plug lying on the bed. She thought to herself, "What the hell. That should work."

Summer walked back into the bedroom with the sweatpants and top in her hands. She dropped the garments on her bed, picked up the butt plug and bent over placing her face into the covers of her bed. With one hand she pulled her ass cheeks apart and with the other, she placed the tip of the plug against her well used asshole. But, the plug was not moist and Summer did not want to force it into her ass adding to her pain. Summer brought the butt plug back to her mouth and quickly sucked the plug into her mouth placing as much saliva on it as she could muster.

Once satisfied that the pink plug was slick enough, Summer once again pulled her ass cheeks apart and placed the tip of the plug against her anal entry way. Initially, her ass resisted the insertion of the plug, but with a little twisting and forceful pushing, Summer was successful in positioning the plug deep in her ass. "There, that should keep things inside me," Summer smiled to herself.

Summer quickly stepped in to the "pink" Victoria sweatpants and then pulled the spaghetti strapped matching white top over her head.

Without paying attention, Summer did not realize that the top was one size too small so her breasts were on almost full display. The top came down to her mid-drift and the sweatpants, with the waistband hugging loosely on her hips, just barely above the crack of her ass. This outfit was what she wore after a long day at school when she needed to relax with wine and grade papers.

When Summer opened the bedroom door, she almost ran straight into Maria. Maria just stood there holding the ropes that had previously bound Summer to the bar stool while the two men had forced their cocks in her ass and mouth. Summer did not realize that her face had dried cum on it which made it obviously that she had been with men before Maria had come into the house.

"I am sorry that I forgot to leave you a check Maria. Let's go downstairs and I will make it out to you," Summer said as she tried to walk by her housekeeper.

"That will be good Ms. Wayne. But, what do you want me to do with this rope? Do you have a special place that you like to keep it so you can find it easily," Maria asked.

"Just give me the rope and I will put it up Maria," Summer said trying to use her most forceful voice knowing that she was caught in a compromising position.

Summer tried her best to avoid Maria's eyes, but it was not possible as Maria continued to stand in front of the teacher holding the rope. Summer's direction had fallen on deaf ears. Maria pressed further for information, "What were you doing this morning in the kitchen Ms. Wayne? I found these ropes and the bar stool was standing in the middle of the kitchen floor. There were sticky spots on the stool and on the floor around it that took me quite a while to clean up. I would like an explanation," Maria said to the teacher.

"I do not think what I do in my house is any of your business Maria," Summer replied while trying to take control of the situation.

"Well, I do not think your husband James would be too happy to know what his teacher wife is doing while he is away working to make your life easier," Maria said in a huff.

"I do not think a housekeeper should be commenting on me or my husband. I have always treated you well, but now you have taken it upon yourself to get involved in my daily life. I am not looking for that," Summer said in a huff.

Maria retorted, "Well Ms. Wayne, English teacher, I am sure your husband would find it very interesting to see what I had to clean up today. Wonder if he would like to see the pictures that were taken when I found the rope and the drops of cum in your kitchen!"

Maria continuing, "And where do you get off being high and mighty with me teacher? I am not the one who has been caught with cum on my face. You are!"

Summer reached for the rope and grasped it, but she was not strong enough to pull the strands from Maria's strong grip. "Just give me the rope and then we can go downstairs so I can write you a check," Summer said.

"Let's just use the rope on you now and teach you some manners teacher," Maria replied.

"Stop being rude to me Maria. Just give me the rope and let's go downstairs so I can pay you," Summer said.

Maria replied, "I am not being rude to you teacher. I am just telling you what I saw and how I am disgusted that someone who is given the trust to teach children, like me, would stoop to being a slut in her own home while her husband is away."

Summer feeling cornered once again because of how she was being treated in her own home by someone that she has known for quite a while. Summer remembered how hard Maria had worked to get a B in her class and how proud her parents had been. Now here Summer was beginning to cower in front of yet another domineering type personality and being reminded of her humiliation as well as her degradation by two men in her kitchen earlier this morning. Summer groaned to herself at her predicament and began working towards hopefully extracting herself from it and the degrading way she was being looked upon by her housekeeper.

"Maria, I am sorry if I have offended you. Let's just drop it and go downstairs so I can give you a check so you can be on your way," Summer said in a conciliatory way.

"That was a fair apology. I would have expected someone with a teaching degree, an English teacher and someone who has been caught in a very compromising situation would have been able to do better," replied Maria as she grasped that she was now in control of her employer and sexy teacher.

"Maria, I am sorry that I have offended you. I assure you that I have done nothing wrong in the privacy of my own house. I just think you are misinterpreting what you found," replied the now contrite teacher.

"Well, Ms. Wayne, or should I just call you Summer? I think you have been caught with your hand in the cookie jar so to speak. When my children are caught in that position, they get punished. Do you think you should be punished," Maria asked the teacher.

Summer was still standing in front of Maria not sure of what to do or what to say. She surely did not want to admit to anything that could lead to any form of punishment from her housekeeper. Summer felt flush once again and she could feel moisture between her legs. She pressed her thighs together to try and prevent her pussy juices from leaking and running down her legs. Summer's nipples were now standing at full attention which was not lost on Maria.

About that time, Summer watched as Maria's eyes became large as she was looking at the teacher's breasts. Summer looked down and the butterfly tattoos were very visible as the tee shirt did nothing to hide her breasts. As Summer caught Maria looking at her breasts, she felt her nipples harden once again at the thought of be viewed by another person. Of course as her nipples hardened, the bar bell piercings became even more visible.

"I see you have been having some fun decorating your body, Ms. Wayne," said Maria with a hint of disgust in her voice.

"Well, I thought it would be a good surprise when James comes home," Summer replied as she pushed past Maria.

"Well, I see you have had your nipples pierced also. If I did not know better, I would think that you have been some kind of slut while James is away. Does he know you have pierced your nipples Summer," Maria said with mocked distain.

"Of course he does Maria. Can we go downstairs now," Summer asked.

"Tell me how your husband knows when he is 8,000 miles away Summer," Maria replied.

"Because I showed him, alright," Summer replied.

Maria with an overt showing of disgust, "So you are taking slutty pictures of yourself and emailing them to James."

"Maria if you have to know I SKYPE with James on Sunday evenings," Summer replied quite timidly.

Maria noticed the change in Summer's attitude immediately. Maria pressed further, "So how do you show your husband what you have done to your body?"

"Maria this is going too far. Can't we just go downstairs and let me pay you," Summer pleaded.

"First I want you to show me your piercings," Maria said.

"I am not going to do that Maria. That would not be proper for me to do that, nor is it proper for you to ask me to do that," Summer replied.

"Well Summer, you are not as smart as one would think a high school English should be. I am not asking you to, I am telling you to do it now," Maria said quite sternly.

"Maria, please do not make me show you all of my piercings. I beg you to just let me go downstairs and pay you," pleaded Summer.

Maria replied, "Yes show me all of your slut piercings Summer."

Maria moved two steps back from the now cowering teacher, folder her arms across her chest, holding the rope and glared at Summer. "Now slut," ordered the now empowered housekeeper.

Trapped once again by a dominant personality and in a compromising situation, Summer knew she had to comply. If word got out from Maria to her friends about the activities that she discovered in the teacher's kitchen, then there would be no controlling events. Summer reluctantly, pulled the bottom of her tank top up above her breasts and without hesitation or direction, hooked her thumbs inside the waist band of her sweatpants and began to lower them until the pants had reached her knees. Summer had to spread her legs wider to keep the pants from falling to the floor.

Maria was surprised when Summer not only pulled her top up, but when she lowered her sweatpants, the housekeeper was stunned to see that the teacher's pussy was adorned with piercings in each lip as well as her clit. Maria also saw the navel piercing with the large "S" along with the bar bell style piercings in each nipple.

Maria had a mean streak and this was a perfect opportunity for her. She had always felt that the teacher had been overly tough on her in school and she had never been able to get over it. Now, here was her former English teacher complying with her instructions and baring her body piercings to her.

"Not good enough slut. Pull your pussy lips apart so I can get a good luck at those piercings too," Maria ordered.

Summer complied without hesitation and moaned slightly as the fingers of her hands touched her already moistened lips. Her action was met with further instructions from Maria, "Step out of your pants and spread those legs wider."

Summer pressed her knees together and the Victoria Secret "pink" sweatpants fell quickly to the floor. Summer pulled one foot out and then the other now standing in front of her housekeeper in only her spaghetti strapped tank top pulled up over her breasts.

"Very nice art work slut. I love how the rose petals are just above your cunt. And your cunt is leaking slut. Are you turned on being forced to perform for me," Maria asked.

"Please Maria, I have complied. Can we please just go downstairs so I can write you a check and then you can be on your way," the trembling teacher asked.

"I am not through with you yet. You are such a slut and are now even turned on by what I am making you do. I think you like being forced to submit," replied the smiling housekeeper.

"Hold your hands in front of you slut with your fingers interlaced," Maria ordered.

Summer quickly complied by extending both hands toward Maria. Summer watched in horror as Maria dropped all but one strand of rope. The teacher was surprised at how fast Maria was able to tie both of her hands together. "Now hold your hands above your head," Maria directed.

Once her hands were above her head, Summer watched as Maria grabbed the bottom of her top and pulled it up over her head effectively blindfolding her. Summer could feel Maria's body in close proximity and she could smell her fragrance from her perfume as well as body order from her work.

Summer felt a sudden flick against first her right nipple and then her left. Summer jerked her hands down in an attempt to cover her nipples, but her movement brought a firm rebuke from the housekeeper as she slapped each of the blindfolded teacher's breasts. Summer immediately raised her hands once again above her head.

"Very good slut. You learn fast," said the housekeeper.

"So, you have tattooed your breasts with butterflies and your cunt with a rose. So I guess that means that the butterflies get the pollen when stimulated to move down your body," Maria said as she reached out and twisted each nipple by grasping the teacher's piercings.

Summer let out a loud moan as well as, "Please Maria that hurts."

"Well right now slut, you should keep your mouth shut unless I tell you to speak," Maria replied.

To re-enforce the direction, Maria pulled on each nipple stretching them to their limits. Without releasing the pierced nubs, Maria began to twist and pull each one in rhythm. Maria could tell that the pain was having an effect on the teacher as her body began to react to each twist and pull. Summer's was pulling head backwards with each pull of her nipples, which increased the tension in each. "Ah, I see that the teacher likes her nipples pulled and twisted. Do you teacher," Maria asked.

"Yes," was Summer's only reply.

And then, Summer felt her nipples being released and she was disappointed that the stimulation had stopped.

"What is this on your back slut? Bend over and let me take a look at this tattoo. Tell me what it is," Maria ordered.

As Summer bent forward with her arms still extended above her head and her head covered by her top, she replied, "It is a screaming eagle. And, I got it to show my school spirit."

"How can you show your team spirit slut when you are a prim and proper teacher with no real way to show off your tattoo," Maria asked.

Trapped, Summer hesitated giving a response. She hesitated too long and she was quickly admonished by a slap on her left ass check. "I got it to show off when I got with the seniors to Belize during the holiday break," Summer lied.

Then Summer felt fingers running down the crack of her ass and stopping on the base of her butt plug. Summer had forgotten that she had even re-inserted the pink plug. "What do we have here," Maria asked.

Summer did not respond as the pressure of the butt plug in her ass intensified as she felt Maria first push against the base of the plug and then she felt fingers around the base when the plug was being pulled out of her ass. Summer let out a loud moan as the plug was pulled completely out of her ass. As the plug was being pulled out, liquid from that morning's activities followed. 

Maria watched as the teacher's ass hole gaped open and she saw juices trailing the end of the plug. Maria could tell that it was jism from a cock and she smiled broadly as her initial determination of the teacher's early morning activities had been right.

"So, why do you have a pink plug in your tight ass slut," Maria asked.

Summer did not reply as she did not know what to say.

"Answer me slut," Maria ordered.

Once again Summer did not reply out of shame and humiliation at being reduced to a submissive slut to yet another person. This time that person was her housekeeper of several years and what made things worse, Maria was a former student.

Maria jammed the butt plug back into the still bent over teacher. She followed the forced insertion of the plug back into the gaping asshole with several hard slaps on each of the teacher's ass cheeks. Summer never moved or tried to pull away. She suffered the punishment as a submissive should.

As Maria continued her assault on the bent over teacher, she noticed that Summer's hair had moved revealing another tattoo. "What does that make it," Maria thought to herself. "Slut, you have five tattoos. And the one on your neck with the letters "MT" in a similar fashion as that golfers. Why do you have initials tattooed on your neck slut," Maria asked as she continued to pound the teacher's now reddening ass cheeks.

Finally, after having suffered too my slaps on her ass, Summer replied, "Miss Maria, it stands for My Team and it is referring to the screaming eagle tattoo." Of course this was a lie and Maria pressed further, "Slut that is as lame of a reason as I have ever heard." Continuing, "You know a neck tattoo indicates ownership. Who owns you slut?"

"Well in this instance Miss Maria, it refers to my back tattoo," Summer lied again hoping that Maria would drop the subject as there was no way she was going to force her to say she was owned by one of Summer's high school students.

"Bend over and place your hands on the floor slut," Maria ordered.

Summer quickly complied because she was hopeful that, though she was being further degraded before the housekeeper, maybe Maria would move on from the Master T tattoo.

When Summer's hands touched the floor, her legs were forced even wider apart and her ass was fully exposed to the housekeeper. Summer did not feel any contact with Maria for a minute or so until she felt the butt being removed from her ass. But, the plug was soon replaced by the zucchini and Maria was using it like a cock that had been forced in and out of her ass earlier that morning.

Maria could tell that the bent over teacher was reacting to the vegetable dildo and she could tell that Summer was getting close to orgasm. Maria stood just to the side of Summer and with her left hand, Maria began to fuck the zucchini rapidly in and out of the compliant teacher's ass. In rhythm with the zucchini, Maria began to slap Summer's ass cheeks to reinforce her pain and pleasure. On the twentieth slap, Summer erupted in orgasm once again at the hands of a dominant person. She screamed "Oh My God I am cumming" as the orgasm shook her whole body.

However, Maria did not stop her assault on the teacher's ass hole or ass cheeks. Maria quickly switched sides of the teacher and renewed her assault on the other ass cheek. Maria forced the vegetable dildo faster and deeper into the teacher until once again Summer's body was overcome with orgasm and she collapsed onto her knees.

"Alright, now you can show me where you want me to place the rope so you can find it easily when your guests come back around for more time with the English teacher," Maria said with a taste of sarcasm.

"Miss Maria, could you please untie my hands," Summer pleaded.

"Well because you addressed me properly, you can pull your top down, but no I will not untie you," replied the housekeeper.

"What about my sweatpants," Summer asked.

"Sluts do not wear any clothes, but I am being considerate to let you wear your top," Maria replied.

Summer rose from her knees, with some effort was able to pull her top back down covering her breasts and then without any further thought headed towards the stairs.

"Wait slut. Bend over, spread your legs and touch your toes," Maria ordered.

Summer stopped in her tracks and did as she was instructed. Summer knew to hesitate would only prolong her submission to the now domineering housekeeper. As she touched her toes, Summer said to herself, "Why do I keep doing this to myself."

Maria had decided that Summer's ass needed to be kept stretched even though it was gaped open from the zucchini fuck she had just administered. Maria loved how the teacher's ass glowed red from the spanking she had administered while fucking Summer with the long vegetable. 

Summer felt something warm drip between her ass cheeks and then she felt the tip of her pink butt plug being inserted in her now very sore ass. "Please Ms. Maria, my ass is so sore. Please don't put that in me," Summer pleaded.

Seizing the moment of Summer's submission, Maria did not respond verbally, but asserted her dominance by slapping each ass cheek as hard as she could. Summer shut her mouth, screwed her eyes closed and felt the plug as it was forced completely inside with little fanfare or compassion.

"There, now all that cum will stay in your slut ass," Maria said once satisfied the plug was firmly planted in the teacher's ass. "Now we can go down stairs," Maria ordered.

Summer stood up, squeezed her ass cheeks together and felt the fullness in her ass. She stepped towards the stars and then she padded down the stairs followed closely by Maria. As Summer descended, with each step, Maria got a better view of the teacher's back and she was able to get a very good look at the screaming eagle tattoo as the wings and beak of the tattoo were visible above the tan line. "Nice tan line slut. So you will be wearing a string thong on your trip with the seniors," Maria asked in a condescending tone.

"I am not sure Miss Maria," Summer responded.

As Summer's feet hit the hallway landing she heard Maria say, "Manual, look what I found upstairs."

Summer was shocked to find Maria's husband sitting on the very bar stool that earlier in the day she had been bound to while the two men forced their hard cocks into her ass and mouth repeatedly until she passed out from orgasms. Summer froze like she had been hit with liquid nitrogen.

"I thought I heard you upstairs playing with Ms. Wayne," Manual said.

"Well, I was not exactly playing with her. I was inspecting her body art and she has quite a lot of it," Maria said.

Maria grabbed Summer's shoulders and stopped her. Then Maria ran her hands down Summer's sides, grabbed the bottom of the white top and pulled it up above her breasts once again. Manual was afforded a great view of the teacher's pierced nipples and butterfly tattoos. Then Manual's eyes lowered until he could see the "S" piercing through the teacher's navel and then his eyes rested on the rose tattoo located just above Summer's pussy. Manual could also see that Summer's pussy lips were adorned with ring piercings.

"Show him your clit piercing slut," Maria ordered.

Summer lowered her hands to her pussy and spread each. This exposed her swollen clit to the housekeeper's husband. Summer watched as Manual's eyes lowered from her rose tattoo to her clit. She could see him stare and admire the look.

"Did it hurt," Manual asked.

"No, it was ok. The artist made sure that I was given the right amount of pain killer," Summer replied.

Summer standing there with her top pulled above her breasts, exposing her clit and pussy lip piercings to the husband of her housekeeper was causing her to body to react. Her pussy continued to secrete liquids that began to slip down her legs. She wanted to touch her clit so badly as the humiliation was making her need to orgasm again overpowering.

"Very nice tattoos you have as well Ms. Wayne," Manual said to the still frozen teacher.

"Don't call her that Manual. A woman that has this many piercings and tattoos can only be referred to as a slut. Check these out," Maria said as she spun the still stunned teacher around.

Manual then saw the screaming eagle tattoo on the teacher's lower back and he could see how its claws rested below the string thong tan line with the eagle's wings and the majority of its body stretched across Summer's lower back. "Wait, that isn't the only one Manual. Come take a look at the ownership tattoo she has here on her neck," Maria said as she pulled the teacher's hair up like a ponytail only she was using it to stand the teacher more upright.

Maria looked into Summer's eyes where she noticed fear, tears and lust all at once. Maria was taller than the teacher so she continued to pull Summer's hair upwards holding the ponytail tightly as Manual got down off of the bar stool and walked the three steps to where the teacher was being forced up on her tiptoes by his wife, the teacher's housekeeper.

"That looks like the initials "MT" arranged like the golfer's logo. Is that right slut," Manual asked the exposed teacher.

Snatching on Summer's hair, Maria shouted, "Answer him slut."

Summer was in so much pain at the moment. She felt like her newly styled hair was being pulled out by the roots.

Manual watched as his wife asserted her domination on her customer right there in front of him. He was thankful that she was not directing her anger towards him today. Maria ran the household, but she took care of Manual's needs whenever he wanted, but he knew that he had to keep her happy, so he was always very happy to help her dominant one of her clients as she had done many times in the past. But, Manual had never thought that she would be able to make a client submit to her so fully in such a short time. He was amazed at Maria's influence on this one time teacher of hers.

"Ouch Miss Maria. Please don't pull my hair out," Summer pleaded.

"Then answer him slut," Maria ordered.

"The initials are just a reminder for me for More Time," Summer lied.

"I don't believe you slut," Maria said as she suddenly jerked Summer's hair downward.

Maria pulled Summer by the hair and by the rope that bound her wrists together. Maria pulled Summer over to the bar stool to which she had been tied to earlier that morning as Mark Freeman and Delvin Scott had assaulted her mouth and ass.

Maria quickly tied Summer's arms to the bottom rung of the bar stool. Summer was pressed downward by Maria's strong hands and a rope was stretched over her back and tied to the lower rung. Summer's legs were then pulled wide apart and each ankle was tied to a leg of the bar stool.

In this position, Manual could see the base of the pink butt plug between the teacher's ass cheeks. He could easily see the juices from the teacher's pussy forming around the opening. He knew that at any moment, drops of her juices would be puddling on the floor beneath her. But, what Manual found so revealing was that the teacher was moaning like she was in the throes of an orgasm.

Summer could not resist the quick actions of her housekeeper. Even though she was being bound to the same bar stool, Summer's body and mind was reacting to the requirements of another dominant person. Summer did not even have to be told what to do nor was she forced to adhere to the directions. Summer's body just reacted to the stimulation of the degradation of being exposed to another man at the direction of a dominant person, only this time it was her own housekeeper.

Manual watched as his wife stripped out of her yoga pants and shoes. Maria had worked very hard today and she was turned on by once again forcing a woman to submit to her. She worked her cotton thong panties down her legs and stood before Summer clad only in her tee shirt and sports bra. But, Maria did not stop there as she quickly stripped off the shirt and bra. She stood before her husband and gave him a long deep kiss. As they kissed, Maria stroked the bound teacher's ass and used her thumb to push on the base of the plug.

Maria dropped to her knees and freed her husband's cock from his pants. Manual did not have a long cock, maybe six inches, but the girth of the cock was like a beer can. He had always filled up her pussy when they made love and the sheer circumference made her orgasm multiple times when they fucked. Maria took the head of the cock into her mouth and gave Manual the kind of blow job that he could never last very long. But this time, Maria was only lubricating her husband's cock because she wanted him to fuck the teacher's ass when she made Summer lick her pussy.

When Maria felt her husband's cock fully stiffen, she knew that he was close. Maria pulled her mouth off of his cock and then used her hands to pull him toward the butt plug filled ass of her employer. Maria then gripped the base of the butt plug and unceremoniously pulled it out with a loud pop. Maria spit on the puckered lips of the teacher's ass hole and then said, "Go ahead stick your cock in the slut's ass Manual."

Manual not one to go against his wife's wishes moved forward and watched his wife place the tip of his cock up against the puckered asshole of the teacher. Maria put her hand on her husband's ass and pulled him forward. Summer felt the large head of the housekeeper's husband's cock. She strained to move forward to avoid it, but she was bound too tightly and her movement only made her ass move back towards the now invading cock.

Manual slowly worked his cockhead into the bound teacher. He watched as the head disappeared and he paused to allow time for Summer's sphincter muscles to adjust to the girth of his cock. He had found that by being patient initially, a woman really enjoyed his cock in their ass once he started fucking them there.

Summer groaned with pain and pleasure as the large cock head slipped past her sphincter muscles. She was appreciative that he was being patient before forcing his cock all the way into her. She felt a hand on her ass as she could tell that Maria was attempting to help with the insertion by spreading her ass cheeks.

"Go ahead Manual, slide that cock can cock into the slut's ass," Maria directed.

Summer felt the cock slowly move inside her. She felt like her ass was going to rip apart due to the size of the cock. Suddenly, Summer felt Manual's balls pressed against her lower ass and she now was fully impaled on another man's cock. But this time, the cock was not deep inside her, but was fully stuffing her with size. Summer's body began to react to the girth of the cock and she moved ever so slightly backwards towards Manual hoping to bury the cock fully inside.

Once her husband's cock was fully inserted, Maria stood up, got behind her husband and began to fuck her pussy mound against his ass. Maria gripped Manual's hips and ground her hairy pussy against his smooth ass. Maria then moved her hands up to Manual's chest and took each of his nipples between her finger and thumb. Maria began to twist and pull her husband's nipples as he slowly fucked his cock in and out of the bound teacher's ass.

Once Maria had Manual sufficiently turned on and in a rhythmic fuck of the teacher's ass, she went around to the teacher's head, grabbed handful of hair once again and raised Summer's face up until it was positioned right in front of Maria's hair moist pussy. "Lick my pussy slut," Maria ordered.

Summer felt her head being pulled roughly towards the hairy pussy mound of her housekeeper. Summer could smell her fragrance as well as body odor plus the moisture seeping from Maria's pussy lips. Summer could feel a not to gentle tug on her hair as she was forced into the nest of hair and she heard, "Like my clit slut.)

Summer's ass was continued to be pounded by Manual. His strokes became faster and deeper into Summer's ass while her tongue and lips were forced deeper into Maria's pussy. Summer got into a rhythm with her newest molesters and could sense that they were both getting close. Then Summer heard, "Manual, slow down, I am not ready to cum so you need to wait."

Maria then moaned and side, "Yes Manual pull my nipples harder."

Manual using his wife's tits as leverage, began his assault on the bound teacher's ass again. Summer's body erupted in orgasm somewhere in the middle of being force fed Maria's hairy pussy while her husband's cock can sized cock pounded her harder and harder.

"Maria, I have to cum," moaned Manual. "Ok baby, cum for me," Maria replied.

The moment that Summer felt Manual's cock erupt inside her, she felt Maria's pussy gush with liquids almost suffocating her in the process. And then a strange thing happened to Summer, her body once again erupted in orgasm while her assaulters came in and on her.

"Ms. Wayne, wake up. It is time for me to leave. Can you give me my check please," Summer heard as she was woken from her sleep.




Summer found herself draped over a lounge chair on the patio, butt plug inserted and only her white spaghetti strap top on. She felt relaxed and completely satisfied. "Yes Ms. Maria I will give you your check."

Summer gingerly got off of the lounge chair, walked through the French doors, pulled her check book out of the drawer and tore off a check. Summer bent over to write the check giving Maria and Manual another look at the butt plug as it secured another load of cum in her ass.

Summer handed the check to Maria who said, "Ok Ms. Wayne. I will be back next Wednesday."

Summer looked at the clock and could not believe that it was almost 7:00 PM. She had not heard from her young master all day. However, she had been forced to have sex with three men and a woman without so much as a single directive from Master T.

Summer treated her tattoos by the prescribed manner, had a couple of glasses of wine, tried to watch some TV and then somewhere in the night, she fell asleep on the couch.

Summer was awakened by her phone buzzing and immediately recognized that it was her son Jacob calling her. Summer scrambled to a sitting position on the couch and was reminded of her experiences yesterday when she felt the butt plug still filling her ass. No matter, Summer answered the phone, "Hi Jacob. How are you?"

"Hi mom, just checking in. I called earlier and you did not pick up the phone, but then I remembered it was hard for you at work," Jacob said.

"I am not at work this morning honey. I am home a little under the weather, but I should be back to normal tomorrow," Summer replied.

"Well that is great mom. You remember that Kevin and I are coming home tomorrow for homecoming at the school," Jacob asked.

"Oh yes honey. I am very excited to see you and to hear about what college is doing to my boys. What time will you be here," Summer asked.

"Well, as you know it is about a 2 hour drive for us, so we were thinking we should just go straight to school," Jacob replied.

"Oh I hate I will not get to see you before the game. But, I do understand. Maybe I will see you at the dance as I am a chaperone so you better be good," Summer said kiddingly.

Summer looked at the clock and it was almost 10:00 AM. Her body ached, her ass hurt and she needed to go to the bathroom. Summer walked up the stairs, stripped off her white top, knelt down on her bathroom floor and slowly pulled on the base of her pink butt plug. The plug at first would not budge, but with some effort Summer was able to extract the large plug from her ass. She barely was able to sit on the toilet before her bowels and bladder emptied.

Once she was satisfied that she was cleaned out, Summer flushed the commode, turned the hot water on in the shower and stepped inside the glass enclosed haven. Summer thoroughly washed her body, being careful not to scrub her five tattoos too vigorously. She went about carefully so that she would not rub them too harshly. She made sure to clean around her belly button piercing and let the warm soapy water run down over her new clit piercing. Of course, her mind wandered back to Wednesday and all that she was subjected to at the hands of three men, her housekeeper and the submission to the demands of her young master.

Summer completed taking care of her tattoos, styling her hair and applying her make-up as she liked it, but not like how her young master required. She slipped on her white robe, slipped on a pair of white, low waist panties that were mostly below the eagle tattoo and headed down stairs. 

When Summer got to the kitchen, she found her newspaper, coffee mug and a Manila envelope on the island where she had been subjected to punishment only yesterday morning. Her ass still hurt in a couple of places from Master T's spanking as well as the one administered by her housekeeper Maria. Summer wondered just when her young master came into her home and why he did not bother her. Summer remembered he had said that he would leave her alone to allow for her new piercings and tattoos to heal a little. Summer was thankful for that small respite.

Summer decided to have a cup of coffee first before she got into the news of the day or whatever the Manilla envelope held for her. Summer brewed a Krupp mug of Hazelnut coffee, put her half and half in it and then padded out onto the patio. She sat on the same chaise lounge chair that she was awakened from by Maria and her husband last night. She was not sure, but she thought she could smell the faint smell of cum on the cushion.

All Summer had on was her white see-through robe and her low-rise thong panties. Of course the robe did not have a string to tie it together so she fought it for a while but then just decided that if it opened, it opened. She hoped that her next door neighbor, Mr. Johnson was not watching, but there was not much of a chance he could see as the patio area was covered and her landscape trees gave her a comfortable border.

About halfway through her coffee, her phone rang again. Summer had to go back inside to retrieve her phone. Sure enough it was a call from her young master during a break in classes. "So slut how are you this morning? Todd asked.

"Master T, I am doing ok. I am a bit sore," Summer answered.

"So how did it feel to submit to your housekeeper and her husband yesterday my slut," Todd asked.

"Master T, it was awful, but I did not know what else to do as she caught me," the teacher replied.

"That is ok slut. You are just beginning to realize how important it is to serve and please others so that your body can be satisfied. However, you had orgasms without my permission and that is a problem," Todd said.

"Master T, I am so sorry, but I really had no control over my body or the situation," Summer apologized. "Please do not punish me for that Master T."

"We will see slut. But I have other plans for you today. Finish your coffee, go into the garage, find the package I have left for you and then open your envelope," Todd ordered as he hung up.

Summer took another long sip of her coffee and then went out the side door into the garage. She looked in her car and sure enough there was a bag on the passenger seat. Summer bent over the passenger door, leaned in and picked up the bag. Summer wondered how it got there, but then she remembered that she never was able to change the locks yesterday.

Summer walked back into the kitchen, reheated her coffee in the micro wave and then opened the envelope. Summer found a note and a picture. The picture showed her bent over the bar stool in her kitchen with Mark Freeman's cock in her mouth and Delvin Scott's cock in her ass. She did not look at all distressed as the picture captured her in the throes of an orgasm.

The note was short, but direct:

"Slut, this morning you are to go to the yoga class that you have been neglecting for these past three weeks. I believe your class begins at 11:30 AM so you had better hurry. You will find your work-out clothes in the bag along with a change of clothes for after your class. There is a second envelope in the bag which you will open after your class while standing nude in front of your locker. You are to insert the new butt plug you will find in the bag. You are permitted to use any lubricant available to you in the kitchen. You are to put your slut make-up on as you are a slut working on her body in class. You will wear "only" what is in the bag. The butt plug is not to be removed until directed to do so by me. By the way, your instructor is one of my slaves too."

Master T

Summer opened the bag and found her work-out clothes. Her young master had included a white sports bra, white stretch Carrie Underwood Calia yoga pants and a pair of pink cross-fit shoes. Also in the bag, Summer found the new butt plug. It was black with a larger base than her pink one. But the real difference was the length of her new butt plug as it was at least two inches longer than her pink butt plug.

Resigned to her situation, Summer finished off her coffee, stripped off her robe, her panties and found the olive oil in the spice shelf in the kitchen cabinet. With recent practice, Summer poured an ample amount over her new plug. Summer used her left hand to coat the plug. Summer of course wondered to herself how the size and length of the new plug would fit inside her sore ass.

The teacher placed her left foot onto the first rung of the bar stool, bent at the waist and used her left hand to spread her ass cheeks a little. Summer placed the tip of the black butt plug and slowly began to insert. She was surprised that the plug slid in so easily until the large bulb of the plug reached her anal opening. The teacher's sphincter muscles tried in vain to prevent the insertion of the plug, but with continued pressure while holding the base, Summer was able to fully insert the long and medium think plug into her ass. Summer immediately felt significantly more filled than when the pink plug was inserted. This new plug also reached depths that only her recent action with Mark & Delvin had reached inside her.

Summer took her foot off of the stool and stood straight up. As if on cue, Summer's ass cheeks automatically squeezed tightly around the larger base of the plug. She felt downward pressure, but her sphincter muscles clamped tightly around the tapered base of the black plug. 

Summer stuffed the yoga clothes back into the bag, slung it over her shoulder, grabbed the Manila envelope and headed up the stairs to her bedroom. Summer dropped everything onto her unmade bed and walked into the bathroom. In thirty minutes, she had styled her newly trimmed and streaked hair, applied her make-up and had felt fully stuffed by the new plug in her ass as she sat on her make-up stool.

Summer walked into the bedroom and lifted the yoga pants off of the bed. The teacher slipped first one foot then the other into the pant legs all the while consciously gripping the base of the butt plug with her ass cheeks. She was disappointed that there was not a work-out thong included in her wardrobe, but Summer really had no choice. As she started to pull the pants up, Summer was having too much trouble pulling them up as they appeared to be too small. Summer pulled the back of the pants to the side and saw where these pants were an extra small / petite where she would ordinarily wear a regular small.

"There is no way I can wear these pants," Summer said out loud hoping her young master would hear.

Summer then walked back into the bathroom, sat on her make-up stool, which of course forced the plug deeper inside, and stretched the material waist band. Summer pulled the waist band up to her knees, then her lower thighs and then she stood up as she pulled the pants up over her thighs. She wiggled her hips like she was putting on pantyhose and was finally able to pull the pants fully up her body. Unfortunately, the waist band barely covered the upper part of her ass crack by an inch or so. Therefore, the eagle tattoo was quite visible as it peeked above the waist band.

Summer bent over and looked over her shoulder at the full length mirror and she gasped. The base of the plug was very visible and easily recognizable. If she bent over with anyone behind her, she would be exposing the fact that she had a plug in her ass during class. "I have to make sure I am in the back of the class for sure," Summer mumbled.

Summer walked back to the bed and felt the plug was pulled tightly against her ass by the tightness of the yoga pants. Summer grabbed the Carrie Underwood Calia sports and checked the size. Sure enough, her young master had chosen a size 32 model versus the size 36 the teacher normally wore. Summer had over sized breasts for a woman that was 5' 6" tall. She was a size six normally and would always wear a 36-C bra. But since her submission to her young master she had been made to wear a 34-C bra and her clothing bordered on being too small. Now she was being made to wear yoga clothing that was way too small for a public work-out.

Summer slipped her arms into the bra, raised them over her head and struggled mightily to slip it over her head and into place. Finally successful, the teacher's mouth fell widely open. Looking at herself in the mirror she could clearly see the full outline of her silver dollar sized nipples as well as the bar bell piercings in each. It was obvious that her deviant master had intended for her punishment to be public exposure and humiliation. Summer did not have time to worry further as it was a 20 minute drive to her gym and she had to make sure she had make-up placed in her bag. Summer did not look at the other items in the bag as she just did not have time.

Summer had slipped on her pink work-out shoes along with the pink socks that had a little lacy rim that was exposed above the heel of the shoes. She felt like a little girl wearing the pink shoes, but looking at herself one more time in the mirror, had reminded her that she was a slave to a teenage master who was forcing her to expose herself publicly for cumming without his permission.

The small yoga pants barely hid the fact that her clit and pussy lips were pierced. If she lowered the waist band just a little, the top of her rose tattoo was visible. The navel piercing was obviously visible as the sports bra only came below her size 36-C breasts while the pants barely covered the top of her ass cheeks. Looking at herself one last time, Summer lumbered down the stairs and into the garage.

Summer started up her BMW convertible, raised the garage door and backed down the drive way. She paused at the street, looked left and then right. When she looked right, she saw her neighbor Mr. Johnson standing just beside her car. He could easily see into the car and could see her nipples pressed tightly against the almost see-through sports bra.

"I see you are headed for a work-out Ms. Wayne. Nice outfit. Hope your instructor works you hard," her lecherous neighbor said to the teacher.

"See you later Mr. Johnson," Summer said as she backed out into the street and hit the gas.

"I have got to have some of that sweet teacher ass," Mr. Johnson said to himself as he smiled evilly knowing that he had a video to go and watch where Summer's friend Lisa, along with her husband, had assaulted Summer on her patio while he watched and recorded two weeks ago.

Summer arrived at the gym with only five minutes to spare. Traffic had been awful. She rushed by the check-in counter, gave the attendant a quick wave and headed for the locker room. Summer found an empty locker and pushed her bag inside. Summer looked for her mat, but then just remembered that she always left it in the trunk of her car. She did not have time to retrieve it, but she knew that Megan kept extra ones in the workout room.

The butt plug was touching Summer deep inside. The size in girth kept her ass hole stretched, but the length was keeping her on edge. The pressure to keep the plug in place caused Summer to squeeze her ass cheeks involuntarily, which caused the plug to touch her deeply. Summer felt flush and noticed that her nipples were growing harder by the second. The teacher was skipping school at the direction of her young master and was being humiliated by being forced to wear ill fitting clothing that left very little to the imagination. Fortunately, Megan's class was usually attended by women.

As Summer exited the locker room, she had to walk by a group of three women who were involved in conversation. Summer nodded as she walked by, but she did not have time to get into pleasantries as she had to make the class.

Gail Freeman and her two best friends had been discussing their husbands when Gail had noticed the woman walk in dressed in tight white work out clothing that was too small. Obviously, the woman wanted to flaunt her body, but it was the bulge in the woman's pants that had caught Gail's attention. Then it hit her that was Summer Wayne the high school English teacher whose husband had engaged her husband to do landscape work at his house.

Last night Gail had remembered that Mark had been gone a long time on Wednesday and he had not been reachable. When he had gotten home that evening, he had placed his phone in its normal charging station and Gail had afforded herself the opportunity to check Mark's phone records. Gail had caught Mark in a lie once before so her trust was not too extensive.

When Gail opened his phone, she found pictures of a black man fucking a white woman bent over a bar stool. There were many pictures and Gail had seen that the woman was bound to the bar stool, but it was obvious that she was in the throes of orgasm in several of the pictures. And then it hit Gail like a ton of bricks. She remembered the woman's face and it was that of Summer Wayne being fucked while tied to a bar stool. And, to make it worse, her husband had been there to take pictures. Gail was furious.

Summer saw how one of the women looked at her. She could not place her, but she felt like she knew her, but it was a passing glance and Summer knew that she could not be late to Megan's class or she would report to her young master that the teacher was tardy.

When Summer reached the front desk, the attendant remarked, "If you are looking for Megan's class, she has changed it to a Bikram style class today, so you will need to turn and go back down the hallway past the women's locker room."

"Oh crap," Summer moaned. She had taken that class once before and almost died. Exercising in 105 degree heat was exhausting and she had been completely spent by the time the class was over. But, one of the benefits of the class, the heat and yoga positions helped to work out tension and calories. Summer turned quickly around and headed back the way she had come from.

Summer reached the door to the class and she could see that today there was a larger class than normal. It was obvious that Megan had been building a successful following. It was nice that she had straightened out her life and that the drug arrest had finally been expunged from her record. Summer wondered how she fell under the control of her young master.

As Summer entered the furnace like studio, she saw that the only spaces available to her were at the front of the room. She had hoped to hide in the back so that her clothing would not put her on further display. But, alas, she had been slow to get moving and the small outfit had been difficult to put on. Summer's body began to react to the 105 degree heat immediately and sweat was beginning to form on her face.

"Hi Summer. It is good that you can join our class during the day. Are you cutting school," Megan said with a sarcastic laugh.

"Hi Megan. I had a couple of days coming to me, so I decided to play hooky if you will," replied Summer.

"I see that you rushed out and forgot your mat this morning. There are extra ones over there. Go grab one so we can get started without having to wait on you any longer," Megan said. Todd had told Megan about his newest conquest and that he wanted her to build on the humiliation that he started with Summer's clothing.

Summer lowered her head slightly and said, "Yes Megan. I will get my mat quickly."

Summer rushed across the studio floor in her pink shoes and everyone got a pretty good view of the teacher's breasts and the noticed the butterfly tattoos on each. Because of the smallness of her Calia sports bra, the butterflies were almost pushed together. As Summer bent over, it was obvious to anyone looking that there was something inserted in her as the base of the plug was clearly visible between the ass cheeks of the teacher. As Summer stood back up, but before turning around to head back to her position at the front of the class, the teacher noticed that the waist line of her yoga pants had been forced lower by bending over and she could see in the wall mirror the end of the rose stem tattoo peering above the band. Summer knew immediately that her eagle tattoo would be fully visible except for the talons of the eagle that extended down her back to her ass crack.





Summer walked back to her position, laid out the mat and assumed the initial rest position. The heels of the teacher immediately reminded Summer that the butt plug filled her ass. While resting and breathing in the "blowing to firm" position, the heel of her right foot was resting against the base of the butt plug. Summer tried her best to keep her moans of pleasure to herself as best she could. She covered her moans with the slow breathing required of the class.

Megan began to put her clients through the various positions associated with Bikram. Megan kept her eyes on the teacher making sure that she fully participated and to ensure that Summer's body sweated profusely as it would further humiliate the teacher to know that the outfit picked out for her had been chosen by Megan. The material, when wet, became almost see-through. Ordinarily, the Calia pants would have a wide thong or even a panty style pant to be worn under the yoga pants. But, for Summer, no such luxury had been afforded the teacher.

Midway through the class, Megan gave everyone a two minute liquid break. She walked over to Summer and asked her if she had remembered to bring fluids. Summer admitted that she had run out of the house not knowing that she would be in a Bikram class. Megan guided the now profusely sweating teacher over to the water cooler and drew a glass of water for Summer. As she handed the glass to Summer, Megan said, "Summer you look a little flushed."

With that, Megan poured water around Summer's neck to help cool down the teacher. But, unbeknownst to Summer, Megan's ploy had been to further wet her sports bra as well as the tight yoga pants. The cool water did have a relieving effect on the unsuspecting teacher. Megan held the cup to Summer's lips and said, "Here drink this Summer." As Megan tilted the cup, she intentionally quickly poured the contents of the cup into Summer's mouth. But, Summer did not swallow fast enough and additional liquid ran out of the corners of the teacher's mouth, down her neck and into her cleavage.

"There that should cool off those lovely butterflies on your tits Summer," Megan said cruelly.

"I am going to use you as my model during this next session Summer. So, go to your mat now, place it in front of mine and get into the dead body position and we will work from there. Go on now and get on your mat," Megan ordered.

Summer was sort of taken aback by the cruel manner in which Megan had directed her. The cool water, combined with her sweat, had now soaked the teacher's white sports bra. Summer did not dare look down as she knew that her pierced nipples would be standing at full attention due to the water and the stimulation from the butt plug. And now, a domineering person was giving her instructions, which for Summer, now made her compliant to the directions of someone new.

As Summer lay on her mat, she pressed the small of her back down towards the mat. This position helped her relax. However, because the bra was so tight, breasts were on full display. The waist band of her white yoga pants had slipped lower and more of the stem of her rose tattoo was visible. However, Summer did not dare re-adjust her pants as she had been instructed to assume the position for all the participants to follow.

Gail Freemen had been right behind the teacher. She had lost concentration several times watching the woman bend and stretch. Each time that Summer bent over, Gail got a direct view of the teacher's ass. It was now very obvious to Gail that the teacher had something inserted in her ass and each time she bent over more of the base of the instrument became more visible. Also, with the temperature of the class hovering at 105 degrees, Summer's body was sweating and her sweat was making her pants almost see through.

"What a slut," Gail said to herself.

During the break, Gail engaged in conversation with her two friends. She pointed out the teacher and how she discovered rather incriminating evidence of her husband's involvement with Summer. She told her friends of the pictures and both of the women raised their hands to their faces and looked at Summer as she walked across the floor in her tight pants and pink shoes. They could clearly see the teacher's silver dollar sized nipples that were being displayed through the see through bra. Gail and her friends also saw that each of the teacher's nipples were pierced, which they found to be disgusting.

Megan called the class back to order and then introduced Summer as the model for her next portion of the class. Each woman stood and watched as Megan then instructed Summer to assume the "wind removing" position. Summer slowly brought her knees up to her chest. The soles of Summer's pink shoes were pointed towards the other women in the class. In this position, each woman looked directly down on Summer's ass and could clearly see the base of the plug in her ass. "Now rock back and forth Summer," Megan ordered.

Under the gaze of fifteen or so sweating women, Summer began to rock back and forth to relax her back as well as to exhale air. She continued to rock until Megan ordered her to roll over onto her stomach. Summer did as she was directed. She knew that in this position the plug in her ass would clearly be visible. But, more problematic to Summer was the fact that in the movements, the waist band of her too small yoga pants had slipped down even lower and the crack of her ass was almost visible. This meant that the entire eagle would be clearly visible.

"Next Summer, with your interesting tattoos, take the Cobra position and let's stretch your back," Megan ordered.

Summer raised up on her hands like she was doing a push-up, but only raised slightly. She continued to hold this position as her hands and elbows began to shake. Sweat was beginning to run down her face and back. The added sweat only made her clothing more revealing.

"Ok class, please go back to your mats and we will continue our 90-minute class with Summer as my model for you to follow. Well, maybe you will not want to follow her to the tattoo parlor after class," Megan giggled as did most of the class.

Gail Freeman was not smiling or giggling. She was shooting arrows into the back of the posed teacher. Gail was trying to find a way to confront the teacher without disrupting the class. But, she did not feel that was appropriate. "I think I will get into it with her in the locker room," Gail said to herself.

As the class posed as Summer had been instructed, there was a renewed energy in the studio. Megan had worked everyone up into a frenzy and the group seemed to be fully enjoying the movements as well as the heat.

"Next, Summer is to assume the "half-tortoise" position," Megan once again ordered.

Summer raised up on her knees, made a squatting motion and then leaned forward stretching her arms straight out and head down until her fingers touched the end of her mat. In this position, the base of Summer's butt plug was pointed directly back at Gail. The waist band of her white yoga pants worked down even further and now the crack of her ass was visible as were the talons of the eagle tattoo. Now anyone watching her could see the full tattoo as it covered the lower portion of her back and the talons extended down her back across the small tan line.

All of the women were breathing slowly and methodically, except for Gail. She was not facing straight down, but looking straight ahead at the teacher's ass. Summer's sweat had now made the white pants fully see through and Gail could see the black base of the plug in the teacher's ass. "What a slut," Gail mumbled.

"Ms. Freeman, stop looking at Summer's ass. You have to put your head down to get the full stretch," Megan said.

"Oh my God," Summer said to herself. "Did Megan just call Gail Freeman, as in Mark Freeman's wife?"

Still in the half tortoise position, Summer began to worry about Gail and if she knew that her husband had been to see her yesterday and what he had made the teacher do for him. Summer's mind went back to Wednesday morning and the memory of Mark Freeman's cock in her mouth while the locksmith, Delvin Scott, pumped his big cock in and out of her ass. Summer's memory was causing her pussy to moisten. In the tortoise position, the material of the thin white yoga pants was stretched tightly against her pussy lips and clit. Summer was lost in agony and ecstasy from the sex she had been forced to have with the four men yesterday: her young master, Mark, Delvin and her housekeepers husband Manual.

"Ahem, I see that Summer is totally relaxed in the half-tortoise aren't you," Megan said.

Summer was jolted out of her thoughts by Megan and replied, "Yes if feels great."

"Well it is time to move to a more extreme position for the class now Summer. Assume the "standing bow position" Summer," Megan directed.

Summer responded quickly, facing Megan and raised up on her feet and then she balanced on her right foot, the one with the ankle bracelet that young master had been given to her the day she was pierced. Slowly, Summer raised her left leg behind her. As she raised her left leg, she stumbled just a bit. Megan came to her rescue and helped Summer raise her leg up as she bent forward just about 30 degrees. Megan then guided Summer's left hand to her knee and the slowly slid Summer's palm up her leg until her palm rested just at the top of her ankle. Summer's right arm was extended forward toward Megan.

In this position, Summer looked like a long bow with an arrow pointing forward. Unfortunately for Summer, the position caused the waist band of her yoga pants to slip once again. In this position, Gail Freeman was looking directly at the teacher's ass and pussy. Gail could plainly see the base of the black butt plug. But now, Gail could see that the moisture from Summer's pussy had made the crotch of the thin yoga pants of the teacher almost see-through. Gail could make out two rings pressed against the thin material at the teacher's crotch, which could only mean that Summer's pussy was pierced. "What a slut," Gail mumbled, but was heard by her friends who were on either side of her.

"Now Summer, hold that position while everyone in the class does the same," Megan directed.

Megan left Summer to assist several of the other women in the class. Megan got to Gail last and stood to her side as she helped Gail gain a comfortable position, though she was not as flexible as the teacher modeling the position just in front of her. "Just concentrate on Summer's waistband and it will help you balance yourself," Megan advised Gail.

"I do not want to look at her with that thing in her ass," Gail said quietly.

"Yes, I was wondering about that too, but let's keep working," Megan said to Gail with a slight smile.

After making Summer hold the position for almost five minutes, Megan said, "Ok ladies, let your legs down slowly and then change to the other leg."

Summer followed the instructions and was able to achieve it fully by herself. As Megan wandered the room helping the less flexible, Summer's mind went back to the events of Wednesday. She remembered being submissive and compliant with her housekeeper. Summer could visualize being forced to show Manual her nipple piercings and then being bound to the bar stool again, feeling Manual's wide cock that touched her in ways she had never felt.

All of the memories coming back to Summer as she posed in the Bikram class was having the usual effect on the teacher. Her body was reacting to the stimulation of having been forced to please dominant people in order to achieve an orgasm. Though yesterday she had more than usual. But, her memories were making her pussy juices flow and it was becoming obvious to those right behind the teacher that her pussy was wet as the moisture was creating a wet spot that was making that area of that small white yoga pants even more see-through. Gail could now make out the rings and the slight indication of the ball bell clit piercing.

"Earth to Summer. Wake-up Summer it is time to change positions," Megan said abruptly to her pose model.

"Class we are now moving to the "Standing Separate Leg Stretching Pose" so Summer move to that position slowly so you don't hurt yourself," Megan ordered.

Summer could not exactly remember the pose and asked, "Megan, could you remind me of that pose please?"

"For a teacher, you sure do not seem to be able to remember things well," Megan replied sternly.

"Well, I am sorry Megan, but it has been a while since I took this class," Summer replied.

"Summer, you're not remembering means that I am not a good teacher. Is that what you are saying to me," Megan retorted.

"No not at all Miss Megan," Summer replied.

And there it was. Summer had added the Miss to her response and once again she was being forced to be compliant to a dominant person. And to add insult to injury, the teacher's nipples hardened once again.

"That is better Summer. I appreciate you realizing that you were wrong," Megan replied.

With that, Megan moved beside the still standing teacher. Summer's back was to the rest of the class, which meant that her eagle tattoo was viewable by everyone and she remembered that the butt plug in her ass would be clearly visible as she was bent forward by Megan's hands.

Megan worked the teacher forward and pushed her head down. Slowly she worked the teacher's arms down her legs as Summer bent forward. The position required that the person bend so that her feet were spread far enough apart that the top of the teacher's head would touch the floor, while her hands rested/grasped her ankles. In this position, the base of the black butt plug pointed directly back at the class as they watched Megan manipulate the teacher into the proper position.

Summer was looking back between her legs and saw Gail staring at her. Summer realized that not only was the base of the butt plug clearly visible, she was almost certain that her pussy and clit piercings would be visible due to the wetness of her yoga pants not only from her sweat, but from the juices flowing from her pussy. Also, Summer's nipples hardened even more from being directed by Megan.

Gail looked directly at the teacher. She noticed the base of the plug squarely between the cheeks of her ass. Gail could easily see the piercings of the teacher's pussy and she could clearly see that each nipple had been pierced. Finally, the butterfly tattoos on each of the teacher's breasts were pressed together by the position as well as by the too small sports bra.

Once Summer had achieved the full position, she felt Megan's hands run up her back towards her ass. The teacher felt Megan touching the wingspan of the eagle tattoo running her fingers to the crack of her ass. In this position, Summer's hair had fallen around her head to the floor. Now, the MT tattoo on her neck was visible and Megan commented, "So teacher, you have five tattoos. What does the one on your neck mean," Megan asked.

Summer almost out of breath and on the edge of an orgasm responded, "Miss Megan it is just something that I have had for a while that meant make trouble at one point in my life."

"Well I do not believe you teacher. That location and initials usually means ownership. Who owns you teacher," Megan pushed.

"I am sorry Miss Megan, but no one owns me," Summer timidly replied.

The conversation was not going unnoticed by Gail and her two friends. Through their positions they were gazing a one another and were quite interested in the compliant nature of the teacher.

"Well, I don't believe you of course, but I have a class to teach. We can discuss after class teacher," Megan replied.

Megan put the class through the remaining poses of the Bikram class. At the end of the 90-minute class, all of the attendees were soaking wet with sweat, but all moved freely. Megan noted that Summer's outfit had done exactly as she had envisioned. The pants had inched their way down until almost all of the eagle tattoo was visible and a large portion of the stem of the rose tattoo over the teacher's pussy mound was quite visible. Of course, Summer's silver dollar sized, pierced nipples were poking and stretching the material of the size 32 sports bra. Megan had been the one to remove the inner lining of the bra so she knew that Summer's sweat would make the top see through. All of this was Megan's young master's vision of punishment of his newest slave, Summer Wayne.

Summer tried to adjust her clothing, but it was too wet with sweat and clung to her like a layer of skin. Summer rolled up her borrowed mat, placed in at the front of the studio and then drained a glass of water.

Gail and her friends had hurriedly left the studio and had made their way back to the women's locker room. Gail engaged each woman in conversation about what they had just seen in the class and what to do about her husband's escapade yesterday with the slut teacher. It was determined that they would confront the slut in the locker room and make it clear in no uncertain terms, but the teacher was to leave her husband alone.

"Summer that is quite a set of tattoos you have. I cannot believe that a high school teacher your age would have the courage to decorate her body so distinctly. Why did you do it," Megan asked knowing full well the reason.

"Well Megan," Summer started, but was interrupted. "That is Miss Megan to you teacher," Megan ordered.

"Yes Miss Megan. I am sorry. As I was saying, I just wanted to do something out of character for me I guess," the trapped teacher replied.

"And your seven piercings, what are they about," Megan continued.

"Seven piercings Miss Megan," Summer replied questioningly.

"Yes teacher. Can't you count? You have one in each nipple, one in your navel, you have a ring piercing in your ear with three red beads that signify ownership and then your pussy has three: one in each of your pussy lips as well as one in your clit sheath. So that is seven, right teacher," Megan asked.

Summer did not know how to reply. All she wanted was to get back to the locker room, read the note for her next humiliation and then leave the gym. But Megan was being pushy and demanding so Summer's mind as well as her body were reacting to the humiliation of the questions.

"Yes Miss Megan. I have seven piercings as well as the five tattoos," Summer compliantly replied with her head lowered.

Megan pressed more, "So, teacher, tell me who pierced you."

"Miss Megan, I really need to leave. Can we not discuss my body," Summer asked.

"Ok teacher, I only have one more question for you. Why do you have a plug in your ass for my class," Megan asked the now visibly shaken teacher.

"I woke up this morning and thought it would feel good is why Miss Megan," Summer replied.

"It sure has a big base. How big is it teacher," Megan continued.

"I am not sure Miss Mega as I did not measure it," Summer replied.

"Bend over and show it to me again teacher," Megan sternly said.

Without waiting for the teacher to comply, Megan grabbed the teacher's arms and pulled her forward to a position where Summer's breasts pointed directly downward and her ass faced the back of the studio. "Stay there teacher," Megan said.

Summer could not move. She was looking out towards the gym where there was only a glass wall between her and the lobby of the gym. People were coming and going through the area as several of them cast long glances into the studio. Megan for her part had to be careful, but she had been instructed by Todd to push Summer's envelope of submission and humiliation.

Megan pressed her hand on the small of the teacher's back right on top of the tattoo. Summer noticed that the pain had diminished significantly in the area. Megan drew her finger down the body of the eagle and touched the talons that were inserted at the very top of the teacher's ass crack. Megan's fingers continued down the teacher's soaked pants until they came to the base of the butt plug. Without wanting to cause a scene, Megan pushed on the base of the plug and whispered to Summer's, "You are a slut teacher aren't you Summer. Answer me," Megan ordered as she forced the plug deeper into the totally compliant teacher.




"Yes Miss Megan I am a slut," Summer cooed as the pleasure of the plug and the humiliating position had the effect that Megan had hoped to achieve.

"Go clean up slut," Megan ordered.

Summer quickly stood back up and attempted to rearrange her outfit as the waist band of the pants was down to her crack and her breasts were on full display. "Leave your clothes alone slut and get out of my studio," Megan ordered.

"Yes Miss Megan," the compliant teacher replied.

Summer headed for the door to the studio. The wall to her left afforded her a view of her body. She turned and what she saw made her stop in her tracks. Her sports bra and yoga pants were completely soaked through. Because the bra was two sizes smaller than her normal bra size, her breasts were pushed together and the butterfly tattoos on each breast were almost touching. But what was more alarming was the fact that her areolas and piercings were completely visible. The sports bra was stretched tight because of its small size, but because it was drenched in sweat, the teacher's nipples and piercings were there for anyone to see. Looking down, Summer could see the outline of her rose tattoo clearly through the thinly stretched material of the yoga pants. The waist band had worked its way down to just above the top of her pussy mound which meant that a good portion of the rose along with the vertical stem was visible.

"Miss Megan, I cannot go out into the lobby like this. Please let me rearrange my outfit," Summer pleaded.

Summer's pleading question was met with an emphatic, "NO", from her newest tormentor.

Summer dropped her head and resigned herself to be further humiliated by having to walk through the very busy lobby area, front desk and then down the corridor to the women's locker room. As she walked out of the studio, Summer was met with looks from several men whose eyes never left her chest. She felt their eyes on her as she continued walking knowing full well that they could see the eagle tattoo emblazoned on her back with the talons reaching into the crack of her ass. Summer tried to walk in a way that kept the white yoga pants from slipping down any further, but by squeezing her butt cheeks together, she was forcing her sphincter muscles to grasp the base of the black butt plug. Summer noticed this action was stimulating her as much as the humiliation was. For some reason, the more humiliating and degrading the situation was, the more turned on she became.

By the time that the teacher had reached her locker her pussy was leaking juices once again soaking her crotch. Summer had to walk by Gail Freeman and her two friends to reach her locker. Summer thought she heard slut mumbled, but she was not sure.

Summer's locker was around the corner from the other women. She was sort of secluded, but at any moment someone could walk into the same area. Summer opened her locker, withdrew the envelope containing the next assignment for her humiliation and degradation. As she opened the envelope, she felt tightness in her stomach. The envelope was not sealed so Summer easily withdrew the typed note from her young master.

Slut,

I assume that you have experienced some of the punishment that you are due for having orgasms without my permission. I hope that the work-out was good and that Megan treated you like the slut you are. Your next assignment is to strip there at your locker, sit down on the bench, spread your legs and bring yourself to orgasm. I do not care if anyone is in the locker room or not. You are to have your orgasm, which you deserve because you were a good girl for Megan. Once you have cum, you are to take a selfie with your phone camera of your legs spread and another picture of the plug in your ass. Once you have done this, send the pictures to me and then you may shower. You are not allowed to take a towel to the showers. You can drip dry and then retrieve a towel. Once you are dry, redo your hair, put your slut make-up on, pull the butt plug out of your ass, wash it in the sink, reinsert the butt plug and then put the clothes on that you will find in your bag. You are only allowed to cum once. When you have dressed and walked to your car, call me for the next set of instructions.

Master T

Once again Summer eyes teared up. She could not find any way to extricate herself from her situation. But, on the other hand, her body craved the humiliation and submission to help her achieve orgasms. What better way to achieve an orgasm in a humiliating way than there in the locker room with three other women potentially watching her.

Summer raised her left foot up on the bench and untied her pink shoe. Summer took the pink shoe off and then did the same with the frilly lace half-sock. Summer repeated the act to remove her right shoe. Now the hard part, which article would she remove first. Either one would be most difficult because they were both small as well as tight, but also because they were soaking wet. Summer decided on removing the sports bra first.

Summer hooked her fingers in the band under each arm and then struggled to pull the bra over her 36-C breasts. She was able to only bring the bottom of the bra up above each breasts. The bra clung to her in this position and forced her breasts even more closely together. She continued to pull and was able to pull the bra up over her head and finally off.

Next Summer hooked her thumbs in the waist band of her yoga pants and with a great deal of effort was able to slip the soaked pants down to her ankles. Bent over at the waist, Summer had to struggle to pull each pant leg off of her feet. Summer finally was able to take the pants off so now she was seated on the bench in front of her locker totally nude. Her body was on fire and the thought of being humiliated by being caught only heightened her arousal.

Summer faced her locker, spread her legs as wide as possible, leaned back just a little and then began to rock on the black butt plug still securely inserted in her ass. She listened to the noise from the locker room, heard the showers and some women chatting, but she had to have her well deserved. Summer's long fingernails were making it almost impossible to be able to stroke her pussy with her finger tips because the nails would scrape her sensitive clit that was adorned with the bar bell style piercing.

Summer had been noticing that the end of the clit sheath piercing constantly rubbed her clit. Because of this, the teacher was being kept perpetually aroused. Now when she needed to cum the most, the finger alterations that her young master had required, prevented Summer from using her finger tips. So, the next best thing was to used two fingers capturing her clit between them and then using the middle finger of her other hand.

Summer got into a satisfying rhythm and was nearing the orgasm she so sorely craved when Gail Freeman and her two friends walked around the corner of the lockers. Summer did not see them as she was concentrating on her clit, rocking on the plug and her eyes were screwed tightly shut. Summer was rocking hard on her black butt plug and when her body erupted in orgasm, she was still not aware that she had been watched.

Gail and her two friends had used this opportunity to make their move on Summer. Each friend grabbed one of Summer's arms and Gail grabbed the back of Summer's hair. In one quick motion, Summer was laid face down on the locker room bench. One of the women sat on Summer's back and pulled her hands up, while the third woman grabbed the teacher's wrists and effectively bound her to the bench using her discarded sports bra.

"Ok slut listen up. I am Mark Freeman's wife. I found pictures on his phone that showed you having sex with him and a black man yesterday. I am going to teach you a lesson about having sex with another woman's husband. After I am through with you teacher, I know you will never mess with my husband again.

"Please, I am sorry. I just got carried away with my husband out of town. I promise to NEVER do that again," Summer pleaded.

"Well it is too late for that slut. I am going to give you the punishment you deserve," Gail responded.

"Help me stretch her legs on the bench Marcia," Gail said to the third woman. Gail and Marcia stood on either side of the teacher, grabbed an ankle and then stretched the teacher's legs down the length of the bench so that Summer's feet hung off the end. "Now Marcia, I want you to sit on the back of her knees," Gail ordered.

It was painful to the teacher to have two women sitting on her as the bench was very hard, but not very wide, so parts of her body were pressed down over the edges of the bench.

The next thing that Summer felt were her ankles being tied to the bench. She kicked as best she could, but with Marcia sitting on the back of her knees, all the teacher could do was wiggle her feet. Gail successfully bound Summer's ankles to the bench as her toes were just barely over the edge of the bench.

Each woman had been in the studio with the teacher and had watched her go through all the postures/positions of the Bikram class and had noticed the butt plug pressed between the cheeks of the teacher. Gail was the first to ask, "So slut, why did you have a butt plug in your ass for a yoga class."

Before Summer could respond, she felt the plug being pulled out of her ass. The three women were amazed by not only the width, but the length of the black dildo. As the plug was pulled completely from the teacher's ass, the three women noticed that Summer's ass was gaping open having been stretched for the past 90-minutes in class.

"Look at the slut's asshole. It is begging for the plug to be reinserted," Marcia said.

"Let's put it back in Gail and get on with it," Carol said.

"I have an idea. Put this in the slut's mouth," Gail said as she handed the base to Marcia.

"Oh gross, it smells like shit," Marcia replied.

"Well the slut can clean it with her tongue. Now put it in her mouth," Gail ordered.

With Carol still sitting on the teacher's back, Marcia placed the tip of the plug up to Summer's lips, but she refused to open her mouth. At about that moment, Gail landed the first lash across the teacher's ass with one of her pink shoes. Summer opened her mouth to scream, but instead, about 25% of the plug slipped into her mouth. Gail slapped the teacher's ass again with the pink shoe and said, "I will beat you from ankle to your shoulders if you do not open your mouth."

Without a reply, Summer opened her mouth as wide as she could. Marcia forced the majority of the black plug into the teacher's mouth. Summer could taste her ass juices on the plug, which caused her to try to push the plug back out of her mouth. Marcia saw that Summer was indeed trying to push the plug back out. Using the white sports bra, Marcia made a make shift gag out of the bra forcing the plug back into the teacher's mouth.

The locker area where they were was hidden from view of anyone entering. The women had effectively bound the teacher to the bench. "Ok ladies, we are going to spank the slut teacher until she understands that she messed with the wrong man. We are going to reinforce the lesson on the teacher's ass right up to her tramp stamp eagle. No skin should be flesh tone, but be scarlet red," Gail said.

The first blow caused Summer to arch her back and try to scream. But of course, with a mouth full of butt plug covered by her own ass juices, only muffled sounds were heard. Then Gail started a methodical slapping of Summer's left butt cheek and to the top of the eagle tattoo. Then Gail started down the right side of the eagle, over the teacher's right ass cheek.

Summer's eyes were filled with tears. She was pulling at the bindings on her wrists and ankles with each slap of her pink work-out shoe. Gail had applied most of her energy concentrating on the teacher's ass cheeks. But, as Summer continued to have pain inflicted on her, she began to feel her body react to each blow of her own pink shoe. Each time that Gail had slapped her ass, Summer moaned into the plug, but found herself arching her back to push her ass to meet the slap. "What is wrong with me," Summer wondered.

"Ok Marcia, your turn. Do not take mercy on her," Gail ordered.

Marcia was the biggest of the three women and unbeknownst to Carol or Gail, she was into BDSM with her husband. He liked to be tied up and spanked by her and she liked spanking him with an assortment of paddles, whips and leather straps. 

Marcia started with the right ass cheek wanting to keep that portion of Summer's body reeling from the stinging blows administered by Gail. By experience, she knew that the nerve endings would eventually numb unless blows with the sole of the shoe was applied to larger areas of the teacher. So, Marcia straddled Summer stretched out before her on the bench. This gave her a larger target with which to apply her blows. Instead of one hit and move on to the next area, Marcia concentrated multiple blows on the same spot. She knew that this would create the bright red glow affiliated with a BDSM session with her husband.

Summer began to scream and writhe with each blow from the expert administrator of pain. Marcia was working up a sweat and drops of sweat fell down onto Summer's right ass cheek. Marcia concentrated on that wet spot as the created even greater pain as the sweat is heated and spreads with the blow. Summer felt like her ass was on fire. Marcia knew exactly how hard and where to extract the highest pain level.

Marcia kept up the type and degree of assault on the rest of Summer's backside. By the time she was through, Marcia was covered in sweat and Summer was in a state of total pain, but her body was rocked with orgasms.

"Look at the slut. She is coming almost constantly. She is really into pain," Marcia said as she handed the shoe to Carol who noted that the shoe was hot. Marcia and Gail both knew that, though Carol was married, she preferred the company of women. They watched as Carol laid her hands on the red whelps covering the teacher's ass. She noted that Marcia had done a complete job and that no area of the back was unmarked. Summer's backside was flame red in color.

"So, are you going to play with Gail's husband anymore," Carol asked the teacher.

Summer was not fully conscious, but she was alert enough to know that she needed to answer right away. Summer shook her head from side to side indicating that she would not play with Mark Freemen anymore. "I did not understand you slut," Carol said.

Summer turned her head to look back at Carol and shook her head violently from side to side once again. "I still do not understand the slut. Take the plug out of her mouth Marcia," Carol said.

Marcia took the base of the plug between her thumb and middle finger and slowly pulled the plug out of Summer's mouth. Before, the tip had been freed from her mouth, Summer yelled, "Please someone help me."

Summer's plea was met with a savage slap on the bottom of her tied feet. Gail had anticipated Summer's shout and was ready to administer additional pain to her husband's plaything. Summer started to scream out again when Marcia pulled her hair up, forced the plug back between Summer's lips and said, "I guess she wants to be found with the plug in her mouth."

Summer began to shake her head violently from side to side once again in the hope that the women would see that she was repentant and would never play with Gail's husband again.

"I am going to pull the plug out of your mouth again slut. Do you agree to not scream this time," Carol asked.

Summer shook her head up and down while all the time tears flowed from her eyes. As she felt the plug being removed from her mouth Summer said, "Thank you."

"Don't thank me, thank your Master slut," Carol said. Summer looked up and she saw in horror that Carol was holding the note from her young master. "This slut is being directed by her master to do slutty things," Carol said.

The women all looked at the note and read it to themselves. As they read, they looked down on the bound teacher with distain. "How can a grown woman succumb to the directions of a man," Gail asked.

Summer was relieved to remember that there was no reference to her as a teacher in the letter of instructions that her young master had left for her. Summer was only now concerned with being at the mercy of the three women who were hell bent to make her suffer for having had a relationship with Gail's husband, though the relationship was forced on her.

Summer felt the tip of the plug at the entrance of her ass. She turned to see Carol looking at her as she began to try and insert the plug back into Summer's ass. But, there was not enough lubrication to allow for an easy insertion, but Carol was not really interested in Summer's comfort at this point. However, she did not want to tear the lining of the teacher's ass as additional punishment.

"Ladies, I know we are punishing the slut, but I do not want to permanently damage her as I think she will remember this," Carol said.

"I am going to insert this in the slut's ass and make her cum again. But it is not lubricated, so I want you to each spit on the cunt's ass and we will use our spit to force her plug back into the slut," Carol continued.

Though appalled by the request, both Gail and Marcia contributed wads of spit onto the ass hole of the bound teacher. Carol did the same, rubbed the tip of the plug in the degrading spit and then without much compassion slid the plug all the way into the teacher's ass. The women were shocked to see Summer's eyes close tightly as she forced her ass up to meet the invading plug.

But, Carol was not just interested in pushing the plug back into the slut's ass. "Teacher, do you promise to NEVER mess with Gail's husband ever again," Carol asked.

"Yes I promise," Summer replied.

"So do you want to suffer another beating if we find out you have had sex with Mark again," Carol asked as she began to fuck the plug slowly in and out of the bound teacher's ass.

Summer could only moan now as the pleasures derived from the plug, the humiliation of being manipulated by another dominant personality and the degradation of being bound to a bench in a public place was having the familiar effect on the teacher. Summer just shook her head indicating that she did not want another beating as she inhaled sharply as Carol jammed the plug deep into the teacher's ass.

"Look at the slut ladies. She is about to cum again for us," Carol said.

"Carol, just push the plug back in her ass and let's leave. We do not want to give her pleasure instead of pain," Gail said.

"But Gail can't you see? The teacher derives her pleasure in receiving pain and pleasing other people. She cannot derive her own pleasure as she is programmed to give pleasure first. Her master has skillfully transformed her from an adult to a sex slave to his directions," Carol continued.

Marcia and Gail looked on as Carol continued to fuck the teacher's ass with her own butt plug. They watched as Summer's body reacted to the manipulations of the plug. Gail was mesmerized by the reactions of the teacher and she felt herself becoming somewhat turned on by what she saw, but also what she had done to the teacher.

"Go ahead Gail, strip your pants off, bend over in front of the teacher and I will make her lick your pussy for you," Carol instructed.

"I cannot do that. I am not a lesbian," Gail countered.

"Gail, it is not being a lesbian to take advantage of a slut like the teacher here. Just pull your pants down and she will lick your sweaty pussy right now," Carol said.

Without any further discussion, Marcia watched as Gail slipped out of her shoes and then pulled down her yoga pants and work-out panties. When she was naked from the waist down, Gail pulled Summer's wrist bindings loose and then sat on the edge of the bench. Gail grabbed Summer's streaked hair and pulled it up so that her mouth was inches away from Gail's sweaty pussy.



"She is not licking me," Gail said.

"Get to licking that pussy slut or I will not let you have an orgasm," Carol said as she pulled the plug all the way out of Summer's ass.

Without being instructed further, Summer reached up and spread Gail's pussy lips. Summer slowly began to lick the newest tormentor's pussy and was rewarded with the reinsertion of the butt plug. "See, she gets off on punishment and humiliation," Carol said.

Carol worked the butt plug rapidly in and out of the teacher's ass. Summer's tongue matched each movement of the plug on the pussy right in front of her.

In the meantime, Marcia was still holding the note and saw where Summer had been instructed to send pictures to her master. Marcia thought what better picture to send than one of his slut being forced to service two women. Marcia found Summer's phone, switched it to the camera mode and then began to document Summer's submission to the two women. Marcia was careful not to show either woman's face so that Summer's submission was to anonymous people.

Gail had not had sex in quite a while and though she was into women, her body had craved release ever since finding Summer rubbing her pussy right there in the women's locker room. At that moment, Carol forced the plug deep into the teacher's ass which forced Summer's tongue into Gail's wet snatch. This movement took Gail's body to eruption and Summer was forced to swallow loads of Gail's pussy juice as Summer had just experienced a woman who was a squirter for the very first time.

Overtaken with the action and the explosion on her tongue, Summer's body succumbed to the newest stimulation with an explosion of her own. She had pushed her ass back just in time as Carol had slammed the black butt plug deep into her ass. Marcia had been concentrating on the teacher's munching of her friend Gail's hairy pussy at the time that Gail sprayed Summer's face with her pussy juices.

With her body still shaking from her orgasm, Summer felt her ankles being untied, ordered to get up onto her hands and knees on the bench. "Marcia, pull those pants off and let's make the slut suck your pussy too," Carol ordered.

Marcia was overtaken with arousal and did not have to be told again what to do. She quickly stripped off her sweaty pants, straddled the bench and then bent forward to place her ass directly in front of the teacher's face. "No, lick my ass and pussy teacher," Marcia ordered.

To reinforce the order, Carol slapped Summer's already reddened ass checks forcing the teacher's face right into the crack of Marcia's sweaty ass. Carol pushed hard against the butt plug and kept the pressure there so that Summer could not move away from Marcia's pussy.

Summer realized the degradation now set upon her. Her nose was pressed into the woman's ass crack and her lips were right up against the woman's ass hole. "Stick your tongue in her ass slut," Carol said while pushing on the base of the plug harder.

Summer had no choice but to extend her tongue into the woman's ass hole. It was tight at first but Summer was able to wiggle her tongue inside. "Oh God that feels good. What a slut this teacher is," cooed Marcia.

Carol straddled the bench behind the teacher, pressed her pelvic bone against the teacher's ass and butt plug. Carol began to rock forward forcing the teacher tighter against Marcia's ass while forcing the plug firmly inside Summer's ass.

The pressure being applied by Carol against her ass and butt plug was forcing her tongue deeper into Marcia's ass hole. Marcia had reached between her legs and was rubbing her clit while supporting her weight on the bench with her other hand. Marcia began to rock back and forth against the teacher's tongue thereby fucking herself with her fingers as well as Summer's tongue. It was not long before Marcia's body erupted in orgasm, which caused a similar reaction in the tormented teacher's body as the plug hit the deepest spot at precisely the moment that Marcia's ass cheeks gripped the teacher's tongue in orgasm.

Summer did not dare move from her position on the bench with her face buried in Marcia's ass. Summer did feel Carol move from behind her so there was no reason to stay submerged in Marcia's ass other than she had not been told she could not move.

Marcia pulled away from Summer's face and Summer remained on her hands and knees on the hard bench. She kept her head down and then could see the pool mixed saliva and pussy juice liquids there on the bench. "Slut, you cannot leave the bench messy like that. Lick that bench clean, NOW," Carol ordered.

Summer, accepting another degrading instruction from yet another dominant person, lowered her head down until her tongue touched the liquids. Revolted at first, she was now allowed to raise up as she felt hands on the back of her head forcing her downward. The teacher's nose touched the juices first and then as instructed, Summer slipped her tongue out of her mouth and began to lap at the juices. "That is right slut, drink your juices like the bitch dog you are," Carol barked.

As Summer pressed her nose and tongue down into the pool of liquids, she could see flashes from one side of her face. "Raise up just a little slut so I can document your submission to your master for you," Gail said.

Summer raised her head up ever so slightly without removing her tongue from the pussy and saliva pool on the bench. "Excellent. Your master will be so pleased slut," Gail said.

Summer had completely cleaned the bench, but did not dare raise up as she had not been allowed to do so. But, her torment was not over yet.

"Get on your back slut," Carol ordered.

Summer carefully repositioned herself on her back on the narrow bench. Her legs were spread wide on either side of the bench and her head was pulled forward so that it hung over the edge. Summer looked up and right above her mouth was the shaved pussy of her latest tormentor, Carol. As Summer watched, Carol lowered her pussy down onto her face and she soon heard the order she dreaded. "Slut, get busy pleasing your newest mistress," Carol said.

Summer once again extended her tongue and began lavishing the hairless pussy lips. Summer was surprised by how sweet Carol's pussy tasted and began to lap at the juices flowing from her pussy.

As Summer got into shoving her tongue in and out of the pussy, she could feel Carol rocking back and forth rubbing her clit on the teacher's nose. At that moment, Summer felt fingers touching her clit and she tried to push them away as she did not want her clit, with the piercing, to be touched. "You swat my hand away one more time slut and I will tie you to the bench spread eagle for anyone to take advantage of you," Carol said.

Summer quickly pulled her hands away and felt Carol's fingers return to her clit. The stimulation of the fingers against the piercing had an electric shock to her system as Summer spread her legs even further to give the fingers better access.

Without instruction, Summer raised both of her arms and placed them around Carol's waist and pulled her face closer into her pussy. Summer began to aggressively lick the nude pussy while her pussy was being manipulated by Carol's fingers.

Gail was recording Summer's submission with the teacher's own camera making sure that Carol's face was not captured. Gail got behind Carol and was able to capture Summer sucking on Carol's clit. Marcia for her part was spent, but she was standing beside the women and her fingers had found their way to her pussy. Marcia had never felt the way she was feeling and watching Summer submit to Carol was having quite an effect on her.

Summer began to pump her pussy against Carol's fingers and she pulled Carol's pussy tightly against her mouth. She could feel Carol's body begin to tense and then in that moment, Summer felt Carol erupt in orgasm. Summer felt Carol's fingers moving rapidly against her clit and once Carol's body erupted in orgasm, the teacher's body reacted to the orgasm by exploding against the fingers while almost screaming into Carol's pussy.

Summer awakened from an orgasm induced nap realizing that she was alone on the bench in front of her locker. She raised up to find that her newest tormentors were gone, but they had left her master's note on her belly. On the back of the note read, "Slut teacher found fucking my husband," signed scorned wife.

Summer picked up the paper and then saw that the SLUT had been written on her stomach with her red lipstick. Summer found her still wet yoga pants, sports bra, pink shoes and pink soaks all hanging from her locker. She found her camera laying in the locker, which she was thankful for. Summer looked around to see if anyone was near her, but seeing no one, she opened the photo gallery to see what the woman had captured.

Summer was shocked to see so many pictures all depicting her degradation and humiliation at the hands of the three women. Hers was the only face visible, but there was no doubt that, even though she had been forced to submit, the teacher had enjoyed her submission. As Summer sat on the bench, she was reminded of her degradation by the plug still buried in her ass. Then Summer remembered Master T's requirement to send pictures to him.

Summer remembered that she was required to first send a picture of herself on the bench after her orgasm, which she immediately took including the word slut on her stomach. Next she stood up, bent at the waist and managed to get the base of the plug nestled between her ass cheeks after a couple of selfie attempts.

Summer loaded both of the pictures and then sent them in a text to her young master. Then as directed in his letter, Summer padded across the tile floor of the locker room to the showers. Fortunately, there were individual shower stalls with curtains, so the teacher would have some privacy, though she had done as instructed and did not take a towel with her.

Summer quickly showered hoping that she was able to fully remove the lipstick slut monogram on her stomach. She rinsed her hair and then turned off the shower. She stood in the shower while she drip dry. Once most of the water had dripped from her body, Summer exited the shower and walked the short distance to the towel shelves. Summer removed two towels, one for her hair and the other she draped around her body.

Summer walked back to her locker, placed one foot on the bench, put her right hand on the base of the black butt plug and then pulled to remove it. Most of the lubrication had disappeared and her ass hurt as the plug finally popped free. She grabbed her make-up bag, brush and carried everything to the dressing tables.

Summer went about drying her streaked hair. She looked closely and she remembered that her hair had been purposefully cut jaggedly so that it was a stark contrast to the way she had always had it as the conservative teacher. Now, her style was too young for a forty year old woman, or rather it fit her as the slave to a high school master. Summer looked at her fingers and the bright red nails stood out as she worked the mouse into her hair. Once styled, Summer moved to her make-up kit and began applying her base followed by the bright blue eye shadow that her young master required. Summer finished off her slut make-up with the tube of bright red lipstick that had been used earlier by Gail and her friends to write slut on her stomach.

Summer heard women coming into the locker room so she quickly put away her make-up, gathered up her brush and then went to the lavatory to clean her butt plug as she had been instructed. She was cautious, but was able to hide what she was doing from the women. Summer quickly dried the plug, held it under her towel and then headed to her locker nude.

"Nice tattoos and piercings," Summer heard from one of the women. Summer did not acknowledge, but a smile appeared on her face as she was pleased that someone liked her body art.

Once Summer reached her locker, she searched for her liquid KY lubricant. She applied a liberal amount with her fingers the length of the black plug and the remaining liquid she applied to her now really sore ass hole. Summer set the base of the plug on the bench, positioned her ass over the plug, lowered herself slowly down onto the plug and felt it slip easily into her ass. Summer stayed seated on the plug for a few moments contemplating her morning and early afternoon.

She had been forced to fuck her housekeeper's husband while licking her housekeeper's pussy. Earlier she had been forced to suck and be fucked in her ass by Mark Freeman and the locksmith, Delvin Scott. Now she had been forced to have orgasms in the locker room while also sucking three woman's pussies as her own body erupted in orgasm after orgasm. She hoped that her young master did not find out she had had more than one orgasm.

Now it was time to find out what outfit she would be wearing. Summer warily looked into her work out bag to find another bag inside. The bag was heavy so it must contain shoes. Summer gasped as she opened the bag. Inside the teacher found her white slut six inch heels, a white string thong, a red skirt, white shelf bra and a white lace top.

"Oh my God," Summer said out loud.

Then from around the corner she heard, "You ok sweetie?"

"Yes I am ok, thanks," Summer replied.

About that time, Summer's phone buzzed. It was a message from her young master, "Slut where the fuck are you? I liked the pictures, but you are wasting my time waiting on your call. You are to call me now!"

Summer did not know what to do. She had not dressed and she was still in the locker room within ear shot of at least one woman. But, she had no choice, but to call her young master.

Summer hit the call icon and her young master answered quickly, "Slut where the fuck are you."

"I am still at the gym," was Summer's reply.

"What did you say to me slut," came Todd's reply.

In a whisper Summer replied, "Sorry Master T. I am still in the locker room just about to get dressed."

"Why are you whispering slut? I can barely hear you," Todd replied.

"People might hear me Master T," came Summer's reply.

But it was too late. The woman who had heard Summer earlier had inched closer to the end of the locker row. She had seen Summer passed out on the bench earlier with her legs splayed wide with SLUT written on her stomach. She was intrigued and now she heard her call someone Master T.

"Master T, I am in the women's locker room at the gym. I am about to get dressed," Summer replied in her normal voice.

"Very good slut. When you get to your car, call me before getting in," Todd said.

Summer was listening to her young master and wanted to ask him to please not make her wear the clothes, but the line went dead.

Resigned to her situation, Summer stood up noticeably shaking as the impact of the phone call, the butt plug newly inserted in her ass and her body almost exhausted from the constant orgasms. She had to bend over slightly to slip the string thong on each foot and then pulled it up her legs. She was not aware, but her ass was pointed back towards the open locker room area where the woman was peering around the corner of the lockers. She could see the black base of the butt plug nestled between the woman's ass cheeks. She was further intrigued by what she had heard and now was seeing.

Summer pulled the sides of the string thong up to her hips and then slightly over her hips. Once in this position, the thin strip of material between her legs effectively slid between her pussy lips and tightly against the base of the plug. Summer looked down between her legs and saw that the thin material of the thong would not cover her pussy at all. The best it would do would be to cover the clit piercing, but the material was already having an effect on the clit as the end of the piercing was pushed tightly against her clit by the material of the thong.

Next Summer slipped her arms through the straps of the shelf bra. Sure enough, the bra was at least two sizes too small for her and her breasts were pressed together causing her cleavage to be quite long and the two butterfly tattoos almost kissed each other.

Summer then picked up the red skirt if you could call it that. The material was thin and stretchy. Summer checked the size and of course it was a small, but she always tried to wear a medium. This stretchy material looked much smaller to the teacher. Summer stepped into the waist band of the skirt and struggled to work it up over her thighs. As she pulled it up, she was once again bent over at the waist. And the woman behind her could clearly see the white strip of material of the thong stretched across the base of the plug.

When Summer finally had pulled the skirt up, she saw that it fit snugly on her hips, but it did not completely cover her tattoo. So, Summer struggled to pull the skirt further up, but then she noticed that the hem of the skirt then did not cover her ass cheeks and her thong would be clearly visible whenever she walked. Summer pulled the skirt back down so that it rested low on her hips and she realized it was a "low" rider skirt made specifically to be worn barely on a woman's hips. However, this skirt was so tightly stretched across the teacher's ass that no matter how she moved, she would be restricted in how she walked. She would almost have to shuffle her feet to keep the skirt from riding up her legs and reveal her ass cheeks and lace covered pussy.

Summer then turned her attention to the lace top that was the last piece of her outfit. She slipped first one hand then the other into the sleeves and pulled the top into place. Summer was pleased that it seemed to fit size wise, but was not surprised when she found only three buttons. The tope only came down to her midriff and fully exposed her stomach, her new belly button piercing and there was a couple of inches below her belly button that was not covered by the skin tight skirt. Summer buttoned the top and looked into the small mirror of the door to her locker. Though the lace top covered her shoulders and was half sleeve length, her nipples supported by the shelf bra, were clearly visible through the thin lace of the top. Anyone paying mild attention to her breast will easily be able to make out her silver dollar sized pierced nipples.

Summer slipped her feet into her six inch white slut heels and was zipping her bag back up when she saw it in her bag. Her master had included her white rhinestone slave collar. The collar was required to be worn whenever she would be in her young master's presence. So that meant, that her afternoon humiliation would be witnessed or participated by her young master. Summer pulled the collar out of the bag, placed it around her neck and secured it in place. Summer had carefully put the collar on so that the inscribed silver plate was hidden under her hair on her neck.

Summer jammed her still wet yoga pants, sports bra, pink shoes and socks into her workout bag. She put her make-up and brush inside, zipped it closed and slammed the locker shut. She turned to walk away when she ran right into the woman who had watcher her get dressed.

"Oh honey don't you look hot. I have been watching and listening to you. You must have some master if he can get you to do the things you have done today. And now he has you dressed up like a street walker at 2:30 in the afternoon," the woman said all the while eying Summer's now fully erect nipples.

"Yes he has my full devotion," Summer said to the woman as she pushed past the voyeur and headed out to her car.

Every head in the lobby area turned to watch as Summer paraded across the tile flooring. The fact that the tight, red skirt restricted just how long a stride she could take further drew attention as her heels scraped across the floor often. Summer did not look directly at anyone as she focused on the sliding glass doors. The white rhinestone ownership collar being on public view only added to her humiliation, but also she felt extremely turned on being paraded around by her young master.




Summer was relieved to make her way out of the latest place of her torment and find her car. Once she was standing beside her car, she pulled her phone out of her purse and called her young master.

"Well it is about time slut," was how Todd greeted his slut teacher.

"Master T, why have you dressed me this way," Summer asked.

"Because I like you dressed like a slut," Todd replied.

"Now, go to your trunk, open it and pull out the item you will find there. But, you are to bend over and count to 30 before you stand back up," Todd directed.

Summer walked to the rear of her car, pressed the trunk latch release on her key and watched as the lid popped open. Summer bent over the rear entrance to the trunk knowing that anyone looking would be able to see straight up her skirt and they would see the white thin material of her thong stretched across the base of her black butt plug. Summer had to spread her legs almost shoulder width apart to be able to bend over so low to peer into her trunk.

Once she had counted to the mandatory 30, Summer stood back up with the bag in her hand. She said into her phone, "Master T I have the bag."

"Ok slut open the bag, take only the black vibrating egg out of the bag and insert it into your pussy there by your car," Todd ordered.

Summer knew she had no choice as Megan was probably watching and the teacher did not need for a bad report to be made by her to her young master. Summer spread her legs, reached under her skirt with her left hand, pulled the thin material of the crotch of her lace thong to the side and easily slipped the black egg into her pussy.

"Master T, I have inserted the egg into my pussy as you required," Summer told her young master.

"Ok slut, put the bag back into the trunk, once again count to 30, stand back up, check your make-up with your mirror and then close the trunk lid," were her master's next instructions.

Summer bent over at her waist and set the bag back down in the trunk noticing that there were many other items in the bag. With car doors opening and closing all around the parking lot, Summer starting counting to 30. As she reached 30, she quickly stood up, rearranged her skirt as best she could and then opened her purse. The teacher pulled her compact case out and began checking her make-up. She took her time and made sure to look at her face thoroughly. She knew she was being watched, but she was determined to do everything her young master directed her to do so that she could leave the parking lot as quickly as was possible. Once she had completed checking her make-up, she returned her compact case to her purse and shut the car trunk.

As the trunk lid slammed shut, Summer dropped her purse and the contents of the purse spilled out onto the parking lot pavement. Without even being told to do so, the teacher bent over at the waist, gathered up the items that had spilled onto the pavement and then straightened back up. Summer then realized that several men had stopped in their tracks to watch what she was doing. Summer noticed that they were staring at her legs and she suddenly knew why. The hem of the skirt was almost up to her waist which exposed her white string lace thong and the fact that she had a butt plug in her ass.

Summer quickly pulled her skirt back down again and made herself as presentable as her outfit would allow. "Master T, I have placed the bag in the trunk, leaned in for 30 seconds, rechecked my make-up and have closed the lid of the trunk," Summer told her young master.

"Ok slut, get in your car, let the top down, pull your skirt up to your waist, unbutton your top and then drive to the Zippy Mart on Peachtree," Todd ordered.

"But Master T, that is too close to the school," Summer replied before realizing that the line was dead.

Summer quickly got into her car, started the ignition, turned on the air conditioning and then pressed the button to allow the convertible top to be automatically retracted and stored. As instructed, the teacher first unbuttoned the three buttons of her lace top and then pulled the hem of her red skirt up to her hips. Summer put the car in gear, pulled out of the gym parking lot and raced away.

The drive to the Zippy Mart took about 20 minutes. When she arrived, she did not see her young master. Summer was sort of relieved as it gave her time to relax and prepare for whatever humiliation and degradation was in store for her. All Summer wanted to do was survive Thursday so that she could enjoy her weekend with her two sons who were coming home on Friday to participate in the Homecoming festivities for the school. Summer had not really paid attention as she drove to the Zippy Mart, but when she did look up, every vehicle that pulled up beside her seemed to always be some type of truck. And, the occupants of the truck were always shocked to see her body on display.

Todd appeared from inside the Mart and walked directly to the driver side door. "Get out slut as I am driving," Todd ordered.

"Master T, I cannot get out of the car right here in broad daylight so close to the school. Someone might see me," the panicked teacher replied.

"Slut, this is not a negotiation. Get the fuck out of driver's seat. I tell you what, climb over to the passenger seat if you like," Todd replied.

Well to climb over to the passenger seat would be easier, but in her current state of undress, any movement would only serve to make her skirt ride up even higher and her blouse would surely fall off. But, those things happening were more acceptable than what might happen if she were to exit the car. So, Summer thanked her Master for being compassionate in letting her climb over the console.

As Todd pulled his teacher slave's car out of the Zippy Mart parking lot, he looked over and admired his newest slut. Today marked only the third week of his ownership of his high school English teacher, and yet she had come so far. He had successfully had each of her nipples pierced, her belly button, a ring in each pussy lip and a clit piercing. Her ear was adorned with a hoop earring with three red balls, which signified her ownership, but the teacher did not comprehend the true meaning. He had permanently attached an ankle bracelet labeled slut that she wore all of the time. Next he had remade her hair and fingernails to effectively change her appearance. Gone were the long locks of brunette hair replaced by a shorter, jagged cut with extreme highlights through-out the teacher's hair. Summer's fingers now were extended by ¾ of an inch acrylic nails painted bright red to match her slut lipstick. The nails made it more difficult for his slut to manipulate her own clit with her finger tips. So the only way she could pleasure herself was to use long strokes of her fingers up and down her clit.

The new piercings were further enhanced by the five tattoos that he had required that she adorned her body with by his friend Marcos. It was Marcos' idea to adorn the teacher's breasts with the blue butterflies and now Todd was finding ways to make the butterflies more visible by what he was and will require the teacher to wear. His permanent ownership tattoo was placed in the middle of the teacher's neck half way between her shoulders and the base of her skull. The MT design could be demurely hidden by allowing the teacher to wear her hair down. The MT design could be prominently displayed when her hair was either pulled above her head or shaped in a ponytail.

Todd had added the Screaming Eagle tattoo tramp stamp to the teacher's back as a show of school spirit, but also one that could be fun to display on the senior trip later in the year or during the teacher's summer vacation. Todd was going to have the tattoo filled in with the school colors as soon as the black outline tattoo healed. But, the eagle tattoo stretched across the teacher's lower back with the neck and beak appearing well up her back while the eagle's talons stretched down into the top of Summer's ass crack.

The final tattoo adorned his slut's pubic mound. It was a red rose and stem turned upside down. The petals of the rose started right on the teacher's pelvic bone and then made a curve up and to the right. A large portion of the stem and leaves appeared above the tan line established through Summer's tanning appointments utilizing the thin, black string thong. The rose tattoo was a thing of beauty and he had enjoyed watching how Marcos manipulated the needles to inject the permanent ink into the teacher. He had been amazed by how the teacher's body reacted to both the pain as well as the humiliation of being permanently marked by her high school master.

And to think, Summer had been forced to pay for all of her body adornments. Of course, Todd had negotiated a discount for the teacher by allowing Marcos to have access to his slut teacher's pussy, mouth and ass. Also, Sarah, his assistant, had been able to sample the teacher's pussy and mouth as well. All in all, it was a very satisfactory arrangement and he had forced Summer to undergo not only a mental transformation, but also a physical one as well.

Summer seemingly was lost in the same thoughts as her young master. She could not believe that she had been under his control for only three weeks. It was so innocent the way she had involuntarily sent a facial picture to him through her on-line chat. Now she was serving the young master in every way possible to keep her submission private so that it would not devastate her family or cause her to lose her job. She could not understand why her body reacted to the humiliation and degradation, but each time she found herself in a dominant/submissive situation, her body ached for an orgasm that only came after she had satisfied the dominant person or at the direction of the dominant person. She found that her best orgasms were achieved when directed, so long as her ass and pussy or either was filled. Her piercings and tattoos only made her more submissive and marked her as being owned. Any mirror would immediately confirm that ownership to her.

Summer was brought out of her thoughts by a simple command, "Slut, get that mouth over here and suck your master's cock."

"But Master T, please do not make me do that with the top down. Anyone driving by will be able to see me," Summer pleaded.

"What is it going to take to remind you that you have no choice and that your pleasure is derived by doing as you are directed slut," Todd replied.

"Master T, I understand my role and place. I just want you to be mindful of my career and family as you have promised to not do anything that will jeopardize either," Summer countered.

"Well slut my promise is based on full submission on your part and IMMEDIATE compliance with any direction you receive from anyone," Todd countered.

There it was again for the teacher. She was fearful of being discovered and had hoped that her submission to the young master would be a carefully guided secret. But, the more she submitted, the more Summer realized that her body and mind needed the submission.

Summer turned in the passenger seat, leaned over and loosened the clasp on the belt of Todd's shorts. Next Summer unbuttoned the waist button and then slowly pulled the zipper down. Summer fished Todd's semi-hard cock out of the boxers and she immediately began to pump her hand up and down until she felt a hand on the back of her head pushing her downward. Summer opened her mouth and used her tongue on the tip of the young master's cock head and then slowly lowered her head until the majority of his eight inch cock had made its way into her mouth.

Summer felt the hand move from the back of her head and then roam down her body. Todd's hand had made its way past the waistband of her red skirt and was rubbing her right cheek. "Slut what happened to your ass," Todd asked.

Todd was surprised to find whelps on Summer's ass and her ass cheek's red glow. He pulled off the road and into a strip center, parking in the middle of the lot between two cars. "Sit up and tell me why your ass is so red," Todd ordered.

Summer sat up, pulled her top back into place and then detailed what had happened to her after the yoga class. Summer described the three women and how they assisted Gail in punishing her for having sex with Mark Freeman. Summer told her young master how the woman had seen the pictures Mark had taken with his phone. Then she described her punishment on a blow by blow basis and how she had been forced to pleasure the woman while being spanked, bound and fucked with her own butt plug right in the locker room of the gym.

Todd listened intently and was both pleased with her submission and concerned with the pictorial record of his teacher slut's submission that could jeopardize her. Todd was obviously more concerned by the potential impact to his ownership should details of her submission be made public by Gail Freeman thus ending his hold over the teacher. But, Todd was concerned about her career as that and her family finding out about her ownership were all the hold he had on the teacher.

"Well all I have to say slut is that you have to be more careful to whom you submit," Todd said with a sly smile. After all, he had been the one to direct her submission as he had recorded the whole encounter between his slave, Mark Freeman and the locksmith Delvin Scott. Continuing, "Now get back over here and suck my cock slut."

As Todd felt the teacher's lips on the head of his cock, he imagined the whole scene in the women's locker room at the gym. He was turned on of course, but he knew that he had to protect his slave teacher or there was no point in continuing his relationship with Summer because her life would be ruined. He and Bill Fraser were working out one issue for the teacher today. Summer would be there to watch as one of her tormentors was taught a lesson.

As they rode along the road, Todd was enjoying the oral skills of his teacher slut. He remembered her first time and how inadequate it had been. Now, Summer sucked his cock with enthusiasm in a way that let the teenager know she wanted his cum. To give her more incentive, Todd retrieved the remote control of the vibrating egg from his shirt pocket and manipulated the button to turn the egg on and then to increase the strength of the vibrations until he heard a deep moan from the teacher's mouth from around his cock. Todd placed the remote control back into his pocket, concentrated on the road and enjoyed the submission of his English teacher.

Summer's mouth was working up and down her young master's cock. Summer realized that she enjoyed sucking cock and the harder she sucked, the closer she came to an orgasm. In this case, she was being forced to suck her young master's cock from the passenger seat of her own car as he manipulated her with the butt plug in her ass as well as the vibrations of the egg buried deep in her pussy. Summer moaned as her young master increased the strength of the vibrations bringing her ever closer to her needed orgasm.

"Ok slut, I am going to cum in your mouth. But, you are not allowed to cum. Hold it in your mouth until I tell you to swallow," were Todd's instructions to the teacher.

Summer increased the pace of her sucking the young man's cock. She coated the cock with her saliva and sucked the full length of his cock down the back of her throat with each bob of her head. Summer could feel the cock getting ever harder as her young master drew closer to his orgasm.

Summer felt a hand pulling up the hem of her skirt and then the hand ran down the crack of her ass until if found the base of her black butt plug. Summer then felt a slight tug on the base and her young master began to work the plug in and out of her ass slowly and methodically in concert with her sucking of Todd's cock.

Todd began to feverishly pump the black butt plug in and out of the teacher's ass, bringing her ever closer to orgasm. He took his and off the wheel, grabbed the remote control for the egg, turned it all the way up and then placed his hand on the back of the teacher's head forcing her deep down onto his cock. Todd's cock erupted into Summer's mouth filling her with his young cum. Summer had to suck really hard to keep any cum leaking out of her mouth making sure that she was able to hold all of her young master's cum.

As Todd's cock spewed the last of his cum, he began to fuck Summer's ass even faster all the while continuing to force her head down onto his cock. Todd could hear Summer moaning around his cock and he knew she was on edge and was ready to cum. But, he wanted to tease her a little longer and to see if she would cum without permission.

"Sit up slut," Todd ordered. "Make sure my cum stays in your mouth."

Summer was disappointed that she had to release her young master's cock and that she would not be able to cum with his cock in her mouth. But, Todd had other plans.

The speed on the vibrating egg continued to edge Summer closer to her orgasm, but because she did not have Todd's cock in her mouth, she was finding it difficult to get over the hump. She had all the stimulation, but she could not cum.

"Fuck your ass with your plug slut," Todd ordered.

Summer slipped forward in the seat, spread her legs as wide as the car would allow, placed her right hand on the base of the plug and her left hand on her clit piercing. She began to quickly fuck her ass with the plug. Todd made sure to adjust the vibrating egg to different speeds to keep Summer on edge. He was watching and driving at the same time as he made his way across town. He was within five minutes of Bill Fraser's adult store and the young master wanted his slave teacher to cum when he arrived at Frasers.

He sped up and slowed the vibrations of the egg. "Do not cum unless you are instructed to do so slut," Todd said. "Now swallow my cum slut."

"But Master T, I am so close. Please let me cum," Summer pleaded as Todd's cum slid down her throat.

"Fuck your ass faster slut," Todd ordered. "Now put your heels on the dashboard."

Putting her heels against the dashboard put added strain on the teacher's legs as she continued to fuck the plug in and out of her ass. She tried her best to cum, but she could not make it. Summer felt the car slowing down and the speed of the vibrating egg speed up until she was almost convulsing in the car seat oblivious to where she was.

"Alright slut, CUM now," Todd ordered.

Upon hearing those directions, Summer's body erupted in orgasm. She continued to fuck the plug in and out of her ass as she rubbed her clit with her fingers unable to use her finger tips. Todd watched as Summer's hand became a blur as she manipulated her pierced and erect clit.

As Todd parked the car and put the gear in park, Summer finally stopped moaning from her orgasm. Summer was still laying back against the passenger seat of her BMW, when she finally noticed that the car had come to a stop. She opened her eyes and immediately recognized where she was.

"Master T, why are we here," Summer asked.

"Tonight Slut, you will be used as a model for the body enhancing that Marcos and Sarah have completed on you. Bill Fraser is hosting a party here for only adults (people over 21) and I am not invited. However, you are," Todd told the now very nervous teacher.

"Why Master T," Summer asked.

"Well tonight you will watch someone punished for hurting one of Bill's projects and you may even get to participate," Todd said.

Summer continued to argue and try to get Todd to take her home, but to no avail. She was instructed to get out of the car, pull her skirt down and then get the bag out of the trunk of her car. Todd got out and escorted Summer to the trunk. "Now bend over and stay that way until I tell you to move," Todd ordered.

Compliantly, the teacher bent over a the waist as instructed and felt the hem of the red skirt edge up her ass knowing that the base of the plug was visible as was the thin material of her white thong. She felt Todd's hand on her ass as he edged the skirt up over her ass cheeks. Todd slapped the already red and sore right cheek of his slut and then said, "Tonight, you will do everything that Bill orders you to do without question. If you do not, you know what will happen to you as you are secured to the pole in his play room."




"Ok, slut, take the bag out of the trunk and walk over to the door. Give the bag to the man inside the door. Bill will call me when he is done with you," Todd said.

Dejectedly and apprehensively, the teacher, having no other choice walked towards the door to the adult store. Summer tried to work the hem of the skirt back down for some semblance of propriety, but it was no use.

As she opened the door, Summer's eyes had not adjusted to the darkness of the store. It took her a couple of minutes to look the man in the eye. He asked, "Who are you?"

"I am Summer," the teacher replied.

"Oh yes, Todd's slut high school English teacher," came the man's response.

Summer was then ordered to walk through the curtains into a room adjacent to the punishment room with the pole that she had been bound to not long ago. Summer's body shivered at the memory of that night and how her body felt after so many orgasms at the hands of Bill and his six friends.

When she entered the room through the curtains, she was greeted by Bill Fraser and Marcos along with Sarah. "Ah there she is, my favorite model," Marcos said.

Summer acknowledged Marcos, but walked up to Bill and said, "Master T ordered me to come inside."

"Good slut. Go over to the center of the room where you see the X there in the floor. Drop the bag in front of you, open it and pull out your blindfold," Bill instructed the quite nervous teacher.

Summer did as she was instructed, dropping the bag at her feet and then bending over at the waist to retrieve her blindfold. As she stood back up, she saw Sarah walking towards her. Summer quickly covered her eyes with the blindfold and tightened it behind her head.

"Ok Summer, put your hands out in front of you," Sarah ordered.

"Please don't hurt me Sarah," Summer said softly and compliantly. "You have nothing to worry about tonight Summer. The only plans for you are for you to model Marcos' handiwork to whoever comes in tonight," Sarah said to the frightened teacher.

Summer held her hands out in front of her as instructed. Then the teacher felt the buttons on her lace blouse being opened. Summer felt the blouse become free across her chest and the blouse was pushed off of her shoulders by Sarah. Sarah took the blouse and laid it across the chair that was just behind the teacher.

Sarah then clasp each wrist in the fur lined cuffs locking them in place. Sarah also attached an "eye" hook to the link between the cuffs to be used in just a few minutes. Next Sarah hooked her fingers in the waist band of the red skirt that made the teacher look like slut for sure. Sarah worked the skirt down the teacher's legs until it fell between Summer's ankles. While crouching down, Sarah grabbed the spreader bar from Summer's bag and attached the fur lined cuffs at each end to the teacher's ankles.

Summer was now handcuffed, blindfolded and now her legs were attached to a spreader bar effectively forcing her legs to be about three feet apart. Sarah watched as Summer listened for noises and she could see the teacher's breasts rise and fall.

From overhead, Sarah grabbed a chain that had had a hook on the end, slipped the hook through the eye of the hook that was attached to the teacher's handcuffs and then Summer's arms were drawn up over her head. Bill continued to pull the chain upwards until the teacher was standing on her tip toes giving access to all points of her body.

Summer's nipples were on full display as the shelf bra forced her breasts together and thrust out the nipples that were adorned by the bare bell piercings that Marcos had placed in them two weeks ago. Bill looked down and could see the thin material of the teacher's thong had slipped between her pussy lips thereby showing off the ring piercings in each lip. Because her pussy was so wet, Bill could make out the bar bell piercing in Summer's clit. As Bill walked behind the teacher, he could not help himself as he had to run his hands over the red and whelp covered ass.

Bill moved his hand to the base of the butt plug and pushed it deeper inside the teacher to make sure that she was kept on edge. Bill then turned the vibrating egg onto a low setting and then announced to everyone, "Tonight, my protégé's slut will be used as a model for each of you to gaze upon as you make body art decisions for your slaves."

Summer felt air all around her as she heard feet shuffling across the carpeted floor. No one touched her, but she felt the bodies of the people in the room as they walked around her. Summer did not know how long it was, but finally she felt someone begin to play with her butt plug. Sarah whispered, "Summer, relax as I am going to take this out of your ass as we have plans for it later."

Summer suddenly felt empty as the plug was pulled from her ass. She could feel moisture leaking out of her ass, but no one came to wipe her so the liquids started to drip down between her legs. Fingers were running down the crack of her ass as the liquids were pushed back inside her. Summer then felt a metallic object against the skin of her back and then she felt the material of her thong fall away from her body as the thong had been cut away from her. Next, the scissors were slipped under first one strap and then the other of her bra. Once sliced away, the fingers unlatched her bra and it was pulled away from her. Now Summer stood bound for all to see in just her white six inch slut heels and a vibrating egg buried deep inside her.

Summer was strung up in the "viewing" of Bill Fraser's adult store. She had been in the store before and had been subjected to bondage, forced sex, spanking and so many orgasms that her body had been a wreck for almost two days. Now she was back as a model for Marcos to show off his work. Summer could hear people around her, but no one touched her. The only contact she had was with her bindings and the vibrating egg in her pussy, which jumped to life to keep her on the edge of orgasm. Summer felt her body reacting to the stimulation of the egg as well as the stimulation of once again being humiliated in front of strangers. The effect was that her pussy juices were mixing with the juices from her ass as they slipped down her legs and were beginning to pool under her.

Summer felt something being attached to her nipples and then the vibrations started in her pussy. She felt something long and hard being shoved in her ass when her nipples exploded in pain as the electrodes that had been attached to each nipple sent shock waves through-out her body.

Summer's body soon thereafter erupted in orgasm as the instruments had done their magic and had forced an enormous orgasm from the bound teacher. Summer let out a scream which was immediately met with a harsh slap across her already tender ass checks. "Keep your mouth shut slut or I will gag you," came Bill Fraser's response. "Yes Sir," was Summer's only response.

"Ok listen up slut. We have had 100 people through here to look at Marcos' work. He has secured several clients as a result of your modeling so I am going to reward you by lowering your hands and taking the blindfold off. Do not say a word and do not move," Bill advised.

Then Summer felt the chain holding her erect being lowered and her arms once again feeling relief from being held above her head. Next the blindfold was taken off and she could see her reflection in the window right in front of her. She had not notice the window before. Summer could see her piercings and tattoos illuminated by the lights and reflections from the window. Her nipples were standing at full attention.

"Ok slut. Tonight you get to watch me take out some punishment on a tormentor of yours. They had taken advantage of you without your Master T's or my approval. So, you will watch and you WILL participate," Bill said.

Summer stood looking at the window when lights came on in the room on the other side of the window. Summer watched as her friend Lisa was led into the room with her hands bound behind her, clad only in a bright red thong, bright red fuck me now six inch pumps and a collar around her neck with a leash attached.

Summer brought her hands up to cover her face and said, "But Mr. Fraser she can see me."

Summer's words were met with a reminder lash across her ass cheeks and her upper thighs which caused her to close her mouth tightly to muffle the scream she almost emitted. "Didn't I tell you not to move or say a word slut? She cannot see you as it is a one way mirror on her side," Bill said.

"Now watch as we teach your friend Lisa the meaning of pain and degradation," Bill said.

Summer's eyes were now glued to the window as she watched Lisa being bent over a wooden table...

Chapter 24, Lisa and Steve's lesson.