Summer's Blackmail Ch. 24
bywilcox010©
Summer Wayne is a 40 year old married high school Senior English teacher that is being blackmailed by one of her students for three weeks. She is required to call him Master T and she is completely under his control. Master T has had each of Summer's nipples pierced, each of her pussy lips is adorned with ring piercings, she has had her hair cut into a much younger cut that barely reaches her neck, it is jagged in style and her hair has received extensive highlighting to further change her appearance. Her fingernails have been lengthened by acrylic nails of almost ¾ inches in length and painted a bright red to match her toenails. She has had her clit pierced and her body is adorned with five tattoos further humiliating her and further degraded/dominated by her high school master. To my readers, I apologize for the time that passes between recent stories. I have been busy with work and personal matters so writing had to take a back seat. I promise to do better!

************************

Summer stood looking at the window when lights came on in the room on the other side of the window. Summer watched as her friend Lisa was led into the room with her hands bound behind her, clad only in a bright red thong, bright red fuck me now six inch pumps and a collar around her neck with a leash attached.

Summer brought her hands up to cover her face and said, "But Mr. Fraser she can see me."

Summer's words were met with a reminder lash across her ass cheeks and her upper thighs which caused her to close her mouth tightly to muffle the scream she almost emitted. "Didn't I tell you not to move or say a word slut? She cannot see you as it is a one way mirror on her side," Bill said.

"Now watch as we teach your friend Lisa the meaning of pain and degradation," Bill said.

Summer's eyes were now glued to the window as she watched Lisa being bent over a wooden table..................

Summer watched as Lisa's arms were stretched across the table and securely fastened with rope and an eye bolt on each corner of the table. Next, Lisa's legs were secured at the ankles to the legs of the table with additional rope.

Summer watched as a black hood was placed over Lisa's head and then securely fastened behind her head. Summer watched as a man walked up behind Lisa pulling an IV stand with a red bag as well as a long tube with a clamp affixed to the middle of the tube. The man sliced the red thong from Lisa's body leaving her friend wearing only the hood and her six inch red pumps.

The man applied a generous amount of KY jelly to the crack of Lisa's ass and Summer watched as the man slid the end of the tube up and down her friend's ass. Unceremoniously and suddenly, the man placed the tip of the tube up against Lisa's ass and rapidly pushed the tube deep inside her friend's ass. The man was talking to Lisa the whole time telling her what a cunt she was for causing Bill Fraser to lose the real estate deal that he had worked with her so hard on over the past couple of months.

When the tube seemed to bottom out so to speak, the man reached up and released the clamp, which allowed whatever contents the bag contained deep into Lisa. "Now, lay there and enjoy the hot cum, beer and whiskey enema slut," the strange man said. The man stood next to the bag and once it had emptied its contents into Lisa's ass, the tube was pulled out and a Rose Bud butt plug was inserted immediately. Summer could just make out Lisa's muffled cries of pain and pleasure.

The lights went out in the room and Summer thought that the show was over. But, she was of course wrong. Her legs ached as her ankles were still attached to the spreader bar and her wrists where handcuffed in front with her fur lined cuffs.

Summer's head was then covered by a hood similar to the one that encased Lisa's head. Next Summer's hands were drawn downward and her body was bent at a 90 degree angle, her hand cuffs were affixed to a short, permanent stand in the floor that was wide enough for the teacher to place her hands flat on top as the cuffs, locked into place on the support, were now kept her in the bent position. Summer then felt the egg that was still buried deep in her pussy jump to life. She had forgotten that it was still inside her. She felt her back being covered by a silky material and then fastened around her waist. Summer's ass and legs were exposed to those in the room, but her back including her tattoos were hidden from view.

Summer heard movement around her, but she did not hear any voices. She felt fingers pulling her ass cheeks apart and then the inevitable probing of her relaxed asshole. The butt plug that had been buried deep inside her had done its job forcing her hole to gape open for all to see giving any one that desired full access to her dark hole.

The fingers disappeared and were replaced by a cock. The cock was not overly large, but it was still at tight fit in her ass. Once the owner of the cock had buried his cock fully into the bent teacher, the cock began to seesaw in and out of her. The man would pull his cock so that the head rested at the entrance to the teacher's ass, but not fully pulled out. 

The cock's owner then settled into a rhythm fucking of the bound, bent teacher's ass. Summer could feel the cock slam against her deepest areas pressing his cock against the buried vibrating egg also pressed deep inside the teacher. Summer felt her body begin to join the cock in making sure it was fully buried inside her. She felt her body begin to react to the stimulants of being bound, forcibly fucked by a stranger, the egg pressed deep inside her pussy and the humiliation of being on display once again.

"That is right Steve, fuck that slut's ass. She needs a good fucking and you can make her your cum bucket right now or you can go next door and fuck the slut I have lashed to a table. You may know that slut, so you will be blindfolded. Which would you like to fuck Steve," Bill asked Lisa's husband.

"Well Bill, I love this one's ass, but fucking someone I may know would be quite erotic. Let me fuck this slut just a little longer and then you can blindfold me and let me fuck the other slut," Steve replied.

"Alright Steve, have at it with this slut," Bill told Steve.

Summer then realized that Lisa's husband was fucking her ass again, just like he did on her patio a couple of Sunday's ago. Thankfully, Summer knew that Steve did not know whose ass he was fucking. Knowing that she was once again being forced to submit to someone that she knew only caused Summer to become more turned on because her body reacted to the submission of the teacher's mind. Summer began to push back against the invading cock in earnest hoping to reach the needed orgasm.

"Only a couple more thrusts," Summer thought to herself.

"Ok Steve, pull your cock out of the slut and let's get you to fuck my other and newer slut," Bill Fraser ordered.

Steve pulled his cock out unceremoniously causing a deep moan from Summer as her body was now only stimulated by the bondage, exposure and the vibration of the black egg. Summer's body continued to move towards the desired orgasm even if her ass was no longer filled with Steve's cock.

"Ok Summer, let's get you prepared for your next role for Bill," Sarah said to the surprised teacher.

Summer had almost reached the needed orgasm, but Sarah interrupted that blessed feeling by coming into the room, loosening the blindfold, unfastening the teacher's ankles from the spreader bar and then unclasping the fur lined handcuffs.

Summer thankfully was able to stand and stretch her sore muscles. All she had on now were her fuck me now six inch white high heels. Summer gazed around the room and noticed that she was alone with Sarah. Sarah began rubbing lotion on Summer's back and legs. She moved to the front and massaged a generous amount of lotion on the teacher's breasts, stomach and legs. Summer looked directly in front of her and saw her reflection in the full length mirror that she had not noticed before. The lotion that Sarah had used now made the teacher's body's glisten under the bright lights.

Sarah pulled a tube from her bag and squeezed a generous portion of jell on her fingers and then she said to Summer, "Spread your legs and then spread your pussy lips." 

Knowing fully well what the repercussions might be, the teacher did as she was instructed. Summer watched as Sarah placed her hand between her stretched pussy lips. Summer felt Sarah manipulate her pierced clit and felt her fingers spread the gel over her entire pussy region.

"Now Summer, that is the same gel that was used on you when Todd had you first pierced. You will immediately feel your pussy begin to ache as this is a special concoction that Marcos uses on many of his clients. You will absolutely love the way it makes you need to cum," Sarah said to the now fearful teacher.

Summer immediately felt her pussy overcome with the urge to be stroked. She did not dare succumb to her feelings as she knew she could only do that with prior instructions. "Sarah, can I please rub my pussy," the teacher asked.

"No slut, you are not to rub your pussy. We want your body as turned on as possible for the next film scene you are to play out," replied Sarah.

Just being called "slut" by another woman was erotic to the turned on teacher. Her body was afire with the need to cum, but she did not do what her body needed her to do. She was wracked in obsession to cum with the gel on her pussy and the black egg continuing to vibrate in her pussy. Summer remembered it was there and was thankful that it did not slip out due to how wet she was. But then Summer heard "film scene" and began to dread what was going to happen to her.

Sarah then secured Summer's white rhinestone collar around her neck and then fastened the matching leash. Sarah pulled on the leash and Summer followed her current tormentor worried about when her night would end.

Summer followed Sarah down a corridor that she had been too before. It was lined with the booths and glory holes that she had spent an entire evening on her knees sucking cock and then spitting it into a glass. The memory only caused the teacher's body to become more wanton as her need to cum was heightened by the memory, her collar, the gel on her pussy and the mere fact she was submitting so readily.

Sarah stopped Summer at a door at the end of the corridor. "Ok slut, put this mask on as we do not want anyone to know you. Secondly, your name is Beverly for the next thirty minutes. Do you understand slut," Sarah asked.

"Yes Mistress. I understand that my name is Beverly," replied the worried teacher.

Summer took the mask from Sarah and put it on her face. The mask was fairly tight with a Velcro strap attachment in the back. Summer's eyes, mouth and nose were fully visible, but her features were not.

Sarah then instructed Summer to turn around and put her hands on the wall. Once Summer had done as instructed, Sarah worked a strap around the teacher's waist and then had the teacher turn around. Next, Sarah worked an eight inch black dildo into the harness covering the teacher's cunt and tattoos. The dildo had a long bulb that fit into Summer's dripping pussy and rested tightly against the teacher's pierced clit. Now Summer's pussy was almost exploding in orgasm by the feel of the rubber dildo against her pussy and the bulb inserted just inside her. Her clit instinctively began to quiver in anticipation of an orgasm.

Once satisfied that the dildo and bulb extension were affixed properly in the teacher's harness, Sarah then fastened leg straps to each of Summer's legs which would keep the harness from riding up. Summer did not know why she was being harnessed in this manner, but the only thing on her mind at that moment was do whatever it took to rub her clit against the bulb.

"Ok, turn around slut, spread your legs, bend over and spread your ass cheeks for me," Sarah ordered.

Summer knew what was coming next, but she still wanted to feel her ass plugged and full. She felt the tip of the butt plug at her ass and then unceremoniously, Sarah pushed a thick butt plug into the teacher's ass. Summer did not need lubrication as her recent fucking by Steve had stretched her so that the plug could easily be inserted, but the size of the bulb would prevent it from coming out.

"Ok slut. We are going into the room. Bill Fraser will be there to direct you, but just to let you know, you are going to fuck your friend Lisa's pussy with your hard cock. You are required to cum two times before you will be allowed to stop. You cannot stop for any reason even if she begs you to stop. Do you understand slut," Sarah asked.

Summer was now freaked out. She had no idea her evening would become so decadent. "Why do I have to do this Sarah," the teacher asked.

"You are doing it because you are a slut and a slave to Master T. Bill Fraser is Master T's mentor and you are paying Bill back for all of his instruction to your master," came Sarah's reply.

Sarah opened the door and Summer stepped inside. The room was bright lit and there were several cameras in the room. In the center of the room, Summer saw her friend Lisa tied spread eagle over a table. Each of her legs were fastened to a table leg which spread her grotesquely before Summer. Lisa's hands were pulled directly out from her body and her head was not supported at all due to the short length of the table.

Summer then saw that Lisa's back had been almost fully tattooed as she recognized Marcos' handiwork. Summer could see droplets of blood all over her friend's back. There was a definite pattern to the tattoo, but it was lost on Summer at the moment. Summer looked down Lisa's legs and notice at mid-thigh on each leg was a barbed wire tattoo circling each leg. And, then Summer saw the word Bitch tattooed on Lisa's left ass cheek and Slut tattooed on the right cheek.

"Ok Beverly, here is your chance to pay the bitch back for screwing you out of that real estate deal. Put your cock in her cunt and fuck her until she dies for all I care," Bill instructed.

Summer paused too long and she felt Bill's wrath as two stinging blows across her already red ass cheeks were applied. Summer moved swiftly behind her friend and slowly inserted the head of the dildo into Lisa's pussy. Summer noted that Lisa's pussy was dripping wet as the head of the dildo slipped easily inside.

Another crack of leather across Summer's ass, "Fuck her now Beverly."

Summer pushed her hips forward and buried the dildo to the harness inside her friend's pussy. Lisa cried in pain and begged her to stop. "Please Beverly, I am sorry for screwing you out of the transaction. I will give you any amount of money you want if you will please stop," begged Lisa.

This statement only steeled Summer to do as instructed. She could pay Lisa back for the Sunday afternoon fucking her and her husband did to her. Summer grabbed each of Lisa's hips and she began to fuck her friend in earnest. Every time Summer buried the black dildo inside her friend's pussy, Lisa screamed out loud.

"That is it Beverly, fuck the cunt," screamed Bill.

Summer began to saw her black cock in and out of Lisa's wet pussy faster and faster. Summer realized the harder she fucked her friend, the closer she got to an orgasm. The butt plug in her ass and the vibrating egg in her pussy only stimulated her further as she reached her first orgasm.

"Don't stop now Beverly. Give the bitch her lesson," Bill ordered.

Summer was shaken from her orgasmic high and resumed her assault on the friend's pussy. Summer must have struck a chord within Lisa as her body immediately erupted in orgasm as she screamed, "Fuck me harder."

Summer obliged and increased the intensity of her thrusts into her friend's pussy. Each time Summer's dildo bottomed out inside Lisa's pussy, the bulb inserted inside her caused her body to draw closer to another orgasm. Summer had lost count, but she knew that her body craved more. The depravity of the scene was not lost on the school teacher and her body succumbed to another orgasm as the stimulations were just too much for her to absorb any longer.

Summer screamed in orgasm and forced her black cock even deeper in her friend's pussy. Lisa's body erupted in orgasm as the head of the attacker's cock hit her deeper than before.

"Pull out Beverly. We have another hole for you to fill," ordered Bill.

Summer was guided through a side door and when she entered the next room she was taken aback again. There in front of her was Lisa's husband Steve tied spread eagle to the same type of table and in the same manner. Only the difference was that Steve's face was being fucked by a huge black man and there were several other men lined up behind the black man. Summer saw the base of a black butt plug protruding from Steve's ass.

Summer watched as Sarah walked up to Steve and began paddling his ass with a long leather instrument. After 10 or 12 lashes, Sarah handed the paddle to Summer and ordered her to do the same. Summer remembered how Steve had just fucked her ass and she felt compelled to apply the same type of punishment to him.

Summer stood to one side and then administered the most severe paddling she could muster. She felt her black cock swing between her legs with each blow and she noticed that the bulb inserted in her pussy continued to stimulate her clit.

"Ok stop Beverly," Bill ordered.

Summer did as instructed. She saw her reflection in a mirror on the wall in front of her and she saw how it glistened with both the lotion as well as her own sweat. Her nipples were fully erect and Summer could barely catch her breath.

Summer watched as the black man began to fuck Steve's face in earnest. And then, she heard the black man's guttural grunt as she knew he was filling Steve's mouth with his cum. The black man pulled out of Steve's mouth and he was replaced by another man. Steve tried to protest, but the man just forced his cock deep down his throat.

"Ok Beverly, it is your turn to fuck this bastard. His wife screwed you and now you get to screw him," Bill said.

Summer saw Sarah walk up behind Steve and she saw her pull the plug out of Steve's ass without any compassion. Summer saw blood around poor Steve's anal opening, but she also noticed that his ass remained gaped open.

"Go ahead slut, fuck his ass," Bill ordered.

Summer was lost in the degradation and instantly walked up behind her friend's husband, placed the tip of her black cock against his ass and forced it completely inside him. Summer heard Steve's muffled cry but she paid him now attention.

Steve was a little taller than Lisa was so Summer had to stand on the tip toes of her white six inch heels. Once Summer was comfortable in her position, she began to fuck her cock in and out of Steve's ass. She did not pull it all the way out, but she pulled almost the full length of the cock out. Then she would push her hips back against Steve burying the cock inside him.

After a couple of minutes, the bulb in her pussy brought her the orgasm that she craved. She almost fell down, but the cock buried in Steve's ass prevented that. "That is good Beverly. One more orgasm for you and you can go home," Bill said.

Talk about incentive, Summer sprang into action renewing her assault on poor Steve's ass. He was now a method to her orgasm and she was not going to be denied. Summer watched the man fucking Steve's face contort and then he screamed as he shot his load of cum down Steve's throat. No sooner had the man pulled out than another man took his place. Steve was almost too spent to fight off the next invading cock. He tried, but a lash across his back made him open his mouth to scream and that was all the cock needed to sink inside all the way down Steve's throat.

Summer felt her body tensing and she was rewarded with another orgasm. She felt her body erupt and then noticed that at about the same time, the man fucking Steve's mouth came. Combined with these two assaults, Summer guessed that Steve had been stimulated too much and she felt him groan as he came against the table top.

Summer moved back away from Steve pulling her cock out of his ass. "Beverly, that cock is nasty. Make Steve clean it," Bill ordered.

Summer did not hesitate. She walked to the front of the table, grabbed Steve's hair and pulled his head up. However, Steve had screwed his lips tightly shut as Summer placed the tip of her black cock against them. At about the same time, a loud pop sound was made as the leather strap was flailed against Steve's back. He still did not open his mouth. So, repeatedly, Bill slammed the leather lash across Steve's back until he finally screamed and Summer was able to begin to fuck her ass juice stained cock in and out of Steve's mouth.

Summer fucked Steve's mouth for a couple more minutes until she was told by Bill Fraser that her cock was now clean.

Summer pulled away from Steve's mouth and let go of his hair. Steve collapsed against the table and his head hung down as there was no support. Summer saw Sarah motion to her and follower her out of the room. They went back to the main area where Summer had been on display earlier in the evening.

Sarah then said, "Summer you can now take of the mask and the harness. You have pleased Bill I am sure. Did you derive pleasure from abusing your friends," Sarah asked.

Summer paused before answering. "Sarah, I derived physical pleasure for sure, but I am not sure what to think of myself for administering pain like that to my friends," the teacher said.

"Well we are about done here Summer," Sarah said. Continuing, "Bend over that table and spread your legs for me."

Summer walked to the table and laid down across it. She felt Sarah's hands on her ass as the plug was removed. But, Summer felt something a bit larger, metallic inserted. This new inserted item made her feel even more full without it being buried deep inside her.

Summer saw her red skirt and white lace blouse laying on the table next to her. She followed Sarah's instructions to dress making sure that the new rosebud stayed fully inserted, but based on the size of the bulb, there was no way it was going to come out unless Summer pulled it out. The vibrating egg, still planted deep inside the teacher's pussy sprang to life as she lifted her leg to step into the waist of the skirt.

Once dressed Sarah told the teacher that a car waited for her outside with instructions to take her home. Sarah handed Summer the bag that she had brought into the store and told her to get out.

Summer walked back through the store area where numerous men were standing and pretending to be looking at the items in the store. But what they were watching was a woman dressed in white six inch heels, tight red skirt and an almost completely see-through top. Each man just gazed at the woman as she walked through the store with her head lowered, collar around her neck with a leash attached to the collar riding down her back.

Just as Sarah had said, a car was waiting for her outside. It was a Toyota Corolla which meant that she would not be able to cover herself appropriately and the driver would be given a very good view of the teacher during the twenty minute drive to her house.

As Summer got in, she was pleased to find that the driver was a woman a little older than her and was very friendly. There was no banter back and forth during the ride which Summer was thankful for. She must have dozed off because the driver had to shake Summer slightly to wake her to let her know that they had arrived.

Summer thanked the driver and got out of the car. Unfortunately, the driver had stopped on the street under the street lamp directly across from her house. Summer had to carry her bag, attempt to keep her skirt pulled down and then walk across the street, up her drive way. Summer did not even bother going to the front door. She went around to the back door and found a note attached to the French door to the kitchen:

Slut, I know you have been put through the ringer. I know your body smells just like sex and you want to wash your evening away. I have conveniently left the water hose out for you to wash away your troubles. Once you have cleaned your body and your holes, call me and I will come to the door to let you in the house.

Master T

"Oh fucking great," Summer mumbled to herself.

Summer sat down on the lounge chair on the patio that was within the sight line of her neighbor Mr. Johnson. She did not want to strip her clothes off this evening. She wanted to go into her bathroom, run a bathtub full of hot water and relax. Now she is being forced to was the cum, finger prints, lubricants and the touch of so many people on her body with cold water on her own patio. And to top it off, her young master had conveniently left the lights on for her.

About that time Summer's phone went off indicating that she had a text.

"Summer, are you alright? I can see you on your patio and was wondering if you were locked out."

It was a message from her next door neighbor and now she knew that she was in full sight of her older neighbor and was in a predicament as to what to do.

Summer texted back, "Hi Mr. Johnson. I am ok, just sat down to think about my day and relax on my patio. Sorry if my lights bothered you."

"Now what do I do," Summer said to herself.

Then her phone chimed again. It was a message from her young master, "Slut what are you waiting on. Strip off those clothes, bathe and then I will let you inside. I am ready to go to bed as it is a school night."

Summer looked around the patio to try and find the least exposed area. The problem was that the lighting on the patio was very bright and had been installed specifically to give off a sense of being inside the home while outside at night. Conveniently, her young master had placed the water hose with the spray nozzle on top of the patio table, but the hose had been fastened to the rung of one of the chairs by a zip tie so there would be no moving of the hose.

Trapped on her own patio, being observed by her next door neighbor at the direction of her young master, Summer knew she was trapped. She could refuse to do as instructed but could not survive the impact of her servitude being made public. She also did not want to have her neighbor know any more about her private life than he already did. Stripping and then spray washing her body would only serve to give Mr. Johnson additional evidence of her being a slut. But, Summer thought that maybe Mr. Johnson did not know she was submitting to a teenager even though she was being blackmailed.

As she sat there on the lounge chair, Summer's body began to be stimulated by the fact that she was going to have to strip not only for her young master, but also knowing that her neighbor would be watching. Additionally, she was going to be further degraded by being forced to wash her body as well as her "holes" as her young master had directed.

Summer scanned the patio once again and determined that there was one area where she would be able to strip her clothes off without being easily seen. It was the position of the chair and the fastened water hose with the spray nozzle that presented the worst problem. Summer got up off of the lounge chair and walked to the table chair. She pulled on the chair and found that it was not attached in any manner. She pulled the chair across the patio as far as the water hose would allow.

The chair was now position in sort of a blind spot. Steeling herself, Summer slipped her white six inch heels off of her aching feet. She then unfastened her collar and laid down on the lounge chair. Taking a deep breath, the teacher then slipped the white blouse off and then quickly slipped the waist band of the red skirt over her hips, while bending at the waist to allow her to more easily pull the skirt off.

Once nude, Summer sat in the chair with her back to Mr. Johnson's house. She pressed the trigger on the nozzle and no water came forth. She was now going to be forced to walk the length of the patio to the water spigot so that she would be able to take her outside bath.

Summer thought for a moment and then decided to put her top and shirt back on. There were no known rules against doing this, but she did not care what her young master thought at that moment as she was trying to limit her exposure to her neighbor.

After wiggling back into her skirt and slipping the see --through blouse back on, Summer dashed across to the side of the patio facing Mr. Johnson's house. Summer had to step down off of the patio onto the pine straw that offered a ground cover for the plants. Summer found the spigot and quickly turned it on. She was pleased when she heard the water rush into the hose.

Summer stepped back onto the patio at about the time the lights went off. She was now in almost pitch darkness as there no lights on downstairs in her house. Summer was now worried that she had somehow displeased her young master and would be forced to sleep outside.

Summer once again sat down on the chair and pointed the nozzle at her body. She screamed the moment the ice cold water hit her stomach. She gasped and tried to catch her breath which was next to impossible to do given the coolness of the temperature in the air combined with the very cold water.

Summer began to scrub her body as fast as she could to wash away the day and night. She found the spray to be stimulating whenever it caught her nipples just right. She waved the nozzle up and down her body making sure that her front was fully washed. Next she slipped off of the chair, got down onto her knees and began spraying her back as best she could. She found it easier to put her head down on the cushion of the chair and continue to spray her back.

Once satisfied that her back was reasonably clean, it was now or never to clean her three holes. First, Summer placed the nozzle inside her mouth and turned it on. The resulting blast of water almost choked the teacher. She rinsed quickly and then spit the cold water out of her mouth. Next she sprayed water back into her mouth to help quench her thirst and soothe the rawness of her throat from the cocks she had sucked.

Now the moment of truth had arrived. Summer knew that she had to wash out her ass and pussy. However, Sarah had inserted a Rose Bud in her ass and she had told the teacher that she could not remove it.

Summer decided to first give her pussy a quick rinse and placed the nozzle between her pussy lips and pressed the trigger. She was not prepared for the strength of the blast of water hitting directly against her pussy. She felt the spray rubbing her clit and her pussy lips as she moved it up and down her slit to make sure that she was clean. Then she had to take it to the next step of cleanliness.

As the water blasted her clit, Summer's body reacted involuntarily and her legs spread scraping her kneecaps ever so slightly. She had never felt such a sensation before. Yes she had used the shower nozzle before, but the intensity of the water blasting out of the water hose and nozzle was quite strong. She slowly worked the end of the nozzle up and down her slit all the while moving it closer and closer to insertion into her pussy. She had to somehow control the amount of water gushing into her pussy so she tried to crimp the hose. But because it was secured to the back of the chair, the only want to crimp it was to stand behind the chair, which would afford Mr. Johnson a direct view of her ass.

Slowly, Summer spread her legs a little wider in the hope that she could point the nozzle more accurately and save herself potential pain from the blast of water. But then Summer realized that the lights were off on the patio so if she moved quickly, she would be able to rinse her pussy at the back of the chair without having to worry that Mr. Johnson might see her.

Summer quickly stood up, walked around to the back of the chair, bent at the waist, rested her forehead against the back cushion of the chair and grabbed the hose. With her left hand, Summer bent the hose which in effect would pinch off the flow of water to the nozzle in theory. Summer decided that she had a good pinch of the hose and would be able to control the water. Summer moved the head of the nozzle to her pussy opening, past her piercings and inserted the head between the lips. Summer squeezed the trigger of the nozzle and her insides were flooded by a blast of water, but not as severe as earlier. She was pleased that she had successfully adjusted the water flow.

Satisfied that her pussy was clean, Summer moved the nozzle back with her right hand towards her ass. She had no problem getting the nozzle pointed at her ass, but her ass cheeks were pressed tightly together and there was no way she could apply pressure to the hose and put the nozzle inside her ass with just one hand.

Summer realized, that because she could not remove the Rosebud, she was going to have to use one hand to spread her ass cheeks and pull the base of the Rosebud to the side to hopefully allow enough of a hole so that the very end of the nozzle cold force cold water inside her ass. How she got the water back out was not her first thought.

Summer rested her forehead on the back cushion once again and reached behind to her ass. Summer felt for the base of the Rosebud and felt the size of the base. She wondered how big the bulb of the Rosebud was. Summer grasped the base of the Rosebud, pulled on it until the large bulb slipped out of her ass. Summer kept the tip end of the Rosebud inserted, but she was pleased that her ass was gaping open enough to allow a stream of water to be sent into her ass.

Summer had allowed the water to flow into her ass for several seconds when suddenly the lights on the patio came back on illuminating her for anyone to see. She gasped, and released the nozzle and it fell to the patio floor. Summer tried to cover herself, but looked at her French doors and saw the face of her young master staring at her with the "don't you dare cover yourself look."

Summer immediately dropped her hands and moved towards the lounge chair. Her young master opened the French door slightly and said, "Slut you did not fully rinse out that nasty ass of yours. Take the Rosebud out, insert the nozzle and rinse completely. Once filled, go and squat at the end of the patio and let the water flow from your ass."

With that, Master T pulled the door closed, locked it and then turned off the lights. Summer was once again left in the dark on her patio soaking wet with her next door neighbor lurking somewhere over the fence. Summer realized she had no choice but to comply with her young master's instructions for fear that he may indeed make her stay outside all night.

Once again bending over and placing her forehead on the back cushion of the chair, Summer reached around behind her. She spread her ass cheek with her left hand and with her right hand, she worked the Rosebud out of her ass with some discomfort. Once she had removed the Rosebud, she grabbed the water hose, inserted the end of the nozzle into her still gaping hole and pulled the trigger as lightly as she could. 

The force blasted cold water deep inside her anal cavity. So much so, that she almost lost her balance when the water hit the deepest area of her bowels. Satisfied that she had sprayed enough water into her ass, Summer dropped the hose and carefully walked across the patio floor. When she reached the edge of the patio, Summer stepped down into the gross, squatted and the allowed the contents of her bowels empty there in her yard. She was not surprised that she almost completely clean inside as she had not been eating as her young master had been restricting her food intake.

Summer walked back onto the patio, grabbed up her clothes, phone, shoes, bag, Rosebud and then walked to the French doors. Of course the doors were lock so that she had to stand waiting on her young master to reappear. Summer knew that she could not move and waited as was expected of her. She felt like a complete slut standing at the door, holding her clothes and having to wait until her teenage master decided to allow her to enter her own home.

The lights came back on and Summer did not move. She had however, strategically bunched her belongings across her chest so that no one could really make out that she was completely nude she hoped. "Put your clothes back on the table slut," Master T ordered.

"Please Master T, let me come inside," Summer begged.

"Do as you are told slut," was Todd's reply.

Compliant with her young master's directions, Summer turned and placed all of her clothes, bag, shoes and Rosebud on the table. She walked back to the French doors and stood before her young master. Todd did not speak to his slut teacher for several minutes. Then he said, "Slut why haven't you reinserted your Rosebud? Get it from the table, put your ass against this door, bend over, spread your ass cheeks and then insert that Rosebud back inside your slut ass," Todd ordered.

Knowing full well her neighbor had a full view of her actions, Summer realized she had no choice but to comply with those directions. Once she had retrieved the Rosebud, Summer turned her back to the door, bend over, spread her legs, spread her ass cheeks and placed the tip of the Rosebud against her asshole. It was not easy, but Summer was able to push the tip and then the large bulb inside her ass. Once she felt the base of the Rosebud against her asshole, Summer stopped pushing and just remained bent at the waist with her legs spread wide waiting on instructions from her young master. 

Smiling behind his video camera, Mr. Johnson was mesmerized by his neighbor and how beautiful she looked there on her patio. He wondered why she would perform those erotic gestures for him. There was no way she did not know he was watching and she gave herself a shower with a water hose on her patio just for him. He could not wait to show the video of his neighbor to his poker buddings on Sunday. He was hosting so he could point out the exact spot the action occurred and how he knew his neighbor was performing for him.

The lights on the patio went off, the teacher's ass was full with the Rosebud and her young master was standing just inside the French doors watching her. Summer felt him behind her, but she dare not move. Her legs were aching from being bent over for so long. She still had her hands on her ass cheeks continuing to spread them as she had been instructed. Her body was once again betraying her as the mere fact that she was probably being watched by her neighbor and the lewd manner in which she was being displayed was causing her to have the need to cum once more.

Todd watched as the teacher ever so slightly was rocking back and forth like she was fucking the air. He noted that even though both hands were on her ass cheeks, a finger from each hand was pressed against the Rosebud that Bill Fraser had given her. Todd then turned the lights back on, opened the door slightly and gave his slut teacher new instructions, "Slut, fuck the Rosebud in and out of your ass while playing with your clit. You may not cum until I tell you to do so."

Immediately, Summer's right hand moved to her clit and she began to furiously rub up and down her still wet slit, both from the water as well as her pussy juices that now trickle all day long. The clit piercing now kept her on a sexual high that needed to be itched all the time. It amazed the teacher that such a small item could stimulate her in this way constantly. But then again, that was her young master's intention.

Todd watched his slut teacher do as instructed and he could hear her moans through the door and he watched as her ass cheeks were pressed firmly against the glass of the French doors which help her to keep the cheeks spread as she worked the large bulb of the Rosebud in and out of her ass. Todd knew that a larger butt plug would be in the near future as her ass continued to be stretched.


"Cum my slut teacher," Todd said through the opened door.

Summer did not turn around or say anything as she kept on stroking her pierced clit. She worked the Rosebud back and forth in her ass and at the right moment her body erupted in another orgasm in a degrading and exciting day.

Todd watched as his slut teacher collapsed on the patio floor. He saw her fall completely flat against the floor just barely avoiding slamming face first onto the polished concrete. He waited for a couple of more minutes to see if she would wake up. When the teacher did not wake up, Todd turned off the patio lights, picked the teacher up, threw her over his shoulder and then carried her upstairs. Todd laid his teacher slut on the floor at the side of her bed on the bathroom side. He quickly fastened the handcuffs and spreader bar to the teacher. Todd then fastened the cuffs to the chain that was clipped to the center of the spreader bar thereby securing the teacher with her hands placed over her pussy knowing full well that during the night she would involuntarily continue to stimulate her pussy with her fingers. Todd turned off the bedroom lights and closed his eyes for sleep. He could hear the deep, relaxed breathing of the teacher that turned into a soft snore. Todd smiled to himself as his strategy to make Summer into his fully compliant slut was well on its way to completion.

Summer awoke to a start as the alarm clock on her bedside table went off. She was alone, on the floor with her hands cuffed and somehow attached to between her legs. Her fingers were stuck inside her pussy which was flowing with her pussy juices. She called out for her young master, but heard no reply. She felt her wrists move just a little inside the cuffs and determined that the cuffs were not clasped and her hands could be easily withdrawn from them.

Summer sat up and saw a chain that had been fastened to an eye bolt in her spreader bar had been used to secure her cuffed hands to the bar. Her legs ached from having been spread all night, but her pussy was still very wet. Summer reached down and quickly released her aching legs from the spreader bar. She turned and looked at her clock. It was 5:00 AM. There was a note attached to her night stand.

Good morning my slut,

It is 5:00 AM. I trust that you slept well. Get up and get going. You have 15 minutes to pull yourself together. Gather up your make-up, put on your long coat that is laid out for you on the bed, put your slut heels on and get to the school. Meet me in the boy's locker room in the gym by 5:45 AM. I have your clothes for you in a locker.

Master T

"Oh my god," Summer said to herself.

Summer jumped up off the floor and ran to the bathroom. She was surprised by the immediate realization that she had an object in her ass and she needed to relieve herself. She felt the large jeweled base of the Rosebud and immediately turned so that her ass faced the full length mirror on her closet door. She spread her ass cheeks and then saw the bright red ruby like base of her newest degrading plug. Summer grasped the end of the plug and then pulled it from her ass with some pain as she was no longer lubricated.

As she pulled the plug out and held it up for inspection, she saw that it was coated in ass juice and fecal matter. She quickly placed it in the basin of her sink and sat down on the toilet. Summer emptied both her bladder and her bowels. She quickly flushed the commode, ran to the shower and rinsed off. She did not take the time to wash her hair. She gathered up her make-up kit that she had with her all the time, her brushes, hair products, placed them in her bag and walked back into the bedroom. There on the floor were her six inch white fuck me now slut heels. Her collar was laid across the shoes. Summer quickly put her aching feet back into the heels, fastened the collar around her neck, reinserted the Rosebud using her own saliva as lubricant and then slipped the thin lightweight coat on her tired as well as turned on body. "What does he have in store for me today," Summer asked herself.

Summer walked down her stairs with her heels clicking on each step and then she turned and walked into the kitchen to the door that led into the garage. There on the kitchen island she found a note from her young master ordering her to go by the McDonalds on the way to school, go inside, order a large coffee with cream and sugar to bring with you to school. "Oh my God I will not make it on time if I have to stop and do that," Summer screamed out loud.

The tormented teacher once again found herself in a compromising situation induced by a high school student who had absolute control over her. But, in the same instance, summer was turned on by the fact that she was being made to do something risqué and the possibility of being seen by someone she knew only made the directions that more exciting. And having the new jewelry in her ass excited her more as she sat down in the driver seat of her BMW convertible. She noticed right away that the top had been left down, so Summer was sure that her young Master had done that on purpose.

Summer quickly backed her car out of the garage and down the long driveway. Once at the street, she paused looking both ways and fortunately none of her neighbors were up walking their dogs or gong for their morning runs. Summer gunned the engine and roared out of the subdivision knowing full well that unless there was no line at the McDonalds, she would not be able to meet her young master's required arrival time.

Summer pulled into the McDonald's parking lot at 5:15 AM. Looking at the digital read out on her dash clock, she had thirty minutes to be in the boy's locker room. It was a 15 minute drive from the McDonalds to school. She just may have time to make it she thought to herself.

Summer parked in the first available parking space, which was past the side door in the end space, grabbed her purse, got out of the car, shut the car door and almost ran across the parking lot to the door to the McDonalds. That is when Summer realized that the belt tie of the coat had been removed and her coat was open from her neck all the way down past her knees. Summer quickly grabbed the edges of the coat, drew the collar of the coat tightly against her chest and walked into the McDonalds. The coat did not fully cover the rhinestone collar that adorned her neck.

Summer was pleased that only a few people were in line waiting to order their items. Summer walked up to the first available cashier and ordered a large coffee. The employee said that the cost was $1.06. Summer reached inside her wallet and all she had was a $50 bill. She handed the bill to the employee and the employee loudly asked back, "Ma'am don't you have anything smaller than a $50?"

Several heads turned in Summer's direction and each set of eyes was met with Summer standing at the counter, coat pulled tightly against her, in white six inch heels and a white rhinestone collar adorning her neck.

"No ma'am I do not have anything smaller," was Summer's feeble reply.

"Well you will have to wait right there while I get a manager to come and bring me change so I can give you your $48.94 in change," said the exasperated employee.

Summer continued to clutch her coat and never made an attempt to look around. She was worried that the loud employee was bringing unwanted attention to her in the current state of dress she was in. Summer could feel her nipples hardening under the coat as its silk lining was rubbing the erect, pierced nipples just the right way, lightly, but continuously.

Summer stood at the register waiting not only on her change, but also the coffee she was required to bring to her young master. The longer she had to wait, the more turned on she was becoming. Her new piercing was making her clit stand out and the teacher could feel moisture forming on her pussy lips.

There was now a line of several people forming behind her and she could make out grumblings under the breath of those in line behind her. Finally after almost five minutes, before the employee came back. "Go stand at the end of the counter. My manager will be right out with your change. You need to stop holding up the line," the employee said rudely.

Summer did not even reply. She moved down the length of the counter and waited again for her change as well as her coffee. It must have been an additional five minutes before a young man walked out from the back of the kitchen area. Summer saw in his eyes that he seemed to recognize her.

"Sorry for the delay ma'am, but I had to unlock the safe. I could not remember the combination there for a minute," the young man said.

He counted out the change on the metal counter top and then began to turn and walk away. Summer then had to ask, "Could I get my cup of coffee please."

The young man turned around and said, "Mrs. Wayne, you will need to get back in line to order your coffee. You have already held up the line long enough."

Summer was now fearful that everyone in the lobby would know who she was. She sheepishly walked back and stood behind the last of the four people in line ahead of her. She could feel her pulse quicken as well as feeling eyes from all over the McDonalds staring at her.

Still clutching her coat as tightly as she could against her body, Summer waited less than patiently for the line to move forward. Once she reached the counter, the employee that had waited on her before, said, "I will be back." 

Summer watched as the girl went to the distribution lane and picked up several orders, placed them on trays and called each customer back up to receive their morning breakfasts. The girl walked back to Summer and asked, "What can I do for you Mrs. Wayne."

Summer had to order her large coffee again and paid the $1.06 receiving $.94 in return. The girl then handed a large cup to Summer and pointed saying the coffee is over there. Summer looked to her left and she saw men standing around the coffee machine who were watching her as she walked to the machine. The men moved only slightly to allow the teacher, still clutching her coat, but now also having to hold on to her purse as well as the empty coffee cup that needed to be filled.

Summer brushed the two men who had barely given her enough room to pass by. She stepped up to the machine, but then was overcome with anxiety as there was no way she would be able to hold the coat together, hold her purse and draw coffee from the machine. Summer knew that she was going to have to put her purse down and let go of the coat to be able to press all the necessary buttons for the coffee.

Summer felt a tap on her shoulder and the larger of the two men asked, "Can I help you sweetie? It looks like you could use my help."

"That would be wonderful if you could," came Summer's weak reply.

"Ok then. Do not put your purse on the counter as it looks expensive and it would get wet with coffee. Give me the cup and I will hold it under the dispenser, while you push the buttons to make sure you get the right coffee," the man said.

Summer was now trapped. She would not be able to hold her purse and coat while pushing the buttons to have coffee and cream flow into the cup. Bravely, Summer handed the cup to the helpful man, drew her arms to her breasts to try and hold the coat at the same time as she reached to push the button for the coffee. However, in her haste she splashed the coffee on the base of the coffee machine and some of it splashed on the man's hand.

"Damn sweetie, you sure are impatient," he said. Continuing, "Hand me a napkin so I can wipe this hot coffee off of my hand."

Summer was not impatient. She was so close to fully exposing her tattooed and pierced breasts that she was doing everything in her power to get the coffee and get on her way to school. She knew no other way, but to continue to clutch her purse against her chest and she turned to her left to grab a couple of napkins. The man then said, "Hold the cup while I wipe the coffee off."

The man held out his hand that grasped the cup and he took the napkins from Summer's right hand. Summer held the coffee cup while the man took an inordinate amount of time wiping the little bit of coffee from his hand. Summer stood waiting on the man to return from taking the napkin to the trash bin. She started to put the cup under the dispenser when the man returned. "Here let me have that sweetie," the man demanded.

Once the cup was under the dispenser, Summer pushed the button for regular coffee and watched as the cup filled. When the cup had filled about 75%, Summer released the coffee button and pressed the cream button. Satisfied with the color of the coffee, Summer said, "Thank you for your help sir. I am really in a rush so let me take the cup from you."

"You are most welcome sweetie lady. Don't forget to put a top on the coffee cup as I would hate for the coffee to spill in your car and on those sexy legs of yours," the man said.

Just being called sweetie by this stranger was having an effect on Summer. She could feel her nipples begin to rise as the man's domineering personality was not lost on the teacher.

Summer took the coffee cup from the man and moved down the counter to where the sugar and tops were. Now Summer was in another situation where she would need both hands. Cautiously, Summer placed a lid on top of the cup as she leaned close to the counter. Hoping to just use one hand so that she could still clutch the purse to her chest, Summer just could not get the lid in place. Timidly, Summer placed her purse on the counter which allowed her coat to gap open exposing her breasts to the windows in front her. About that time she felt a hand at the small of her back as she heard, "Excuse me sweetie, but I need a lid too," the man said as he returned to her side.

He was leaning over her as he pressed his body against hers effectively trapping the teacher against the counter and freezing the opening in her coat. The man staring directly ahead, saw Summer's reflection in the window and he could easily make out the butterfly tattoos adorning each breast.

"Nice tattoos you got there sweetie. I want to see more of them. I am going to walk you to your car and be a gentleman by carrying your coffee to your car," the man said.

Without speaking further, the man grasped the cup from the counter in front of Summer, secured the top and then headed for the door. Summer with her head down, clutching her purse once again to her chest followed yet another man ordering her. And like always, her submissiveness only made her follow those directions.

The man did not even hold the door for the trailing teacher. Once Summer stepped through the door she heard the man say, "Where is your car?"

Summer meekly replied, "It is the convertible at the end of the line of spaces sir."

"Why did I say that," Summer thought to herself.

"Did I hear her right? I think she just called me sir again," the man said to himself.

"Lead the way lady," the man said while motioning with his head.

Summer stepped down off of the sidewalk and made her way across the parking lot having to stop one time to allow a car pass in the drive thru lane. Once she got to her car she paused to say, "Thank you for escorting me to my car sir. That was very nice of you and you certainly are a gentleman."

Summer reached for the coffee being held by the man, but he just shook his head and said, "Sweetie, go ahead and get in your car. I will hand you this hot coffee once you have gotten comfortable in your seat."

"That is ok sir, there is no need for you to wait any longer," Summer replied.

"I insist sweetie. Now get in your car and I will hold your coffee," the man said more sternly.

"Yes sir," Summer said.

Summer keyed her auto unlock function on her key and pulled the door handle opening the driver door. While clutching her purse as tightly as she could, Summer eased into the seat, but she was not able to keep the lower portion of her coat closed. When the teacher sat down in the seat, the coat opened all the way to her waist fully exposing that she was nude under the coat and also revealing the rose tattoo over her pubic mound.

Embarrassed by her exposure, Summer tried to pull her coat back into place, but she heard, "No do not do that. I want to you to open your coat so I can see your tattoos sweetie," Summer heard the man say.

"Really sir, I appreciate you being a gentleman, but I really must go," Summer said.

"Open your coat sweetie. I would hate to have to pour this hot coffee on you to get you to comply," the man said.

Please sir. I am very late. Please give me my coffee and let me leave," Summer pleaded.

"Sweetie, I said open your coat," the man said very sternly.

Having no other options and realizing it was now 5:30 AM and there was no way she would be at the school at the time her young master set for her arrival, Summer resigned herself to one more degradation, the first of the day more than likely.

"Open your coat and stop stalling sweetie. I know you want to show me," the man said.

Summer looked up and saw the serious look she was being given by the stranger. She knew she had not option, but to comply. Even though she had done what her young master had wanted, the side trip for coffee was the reason she was going to be late.

Slowly, Summer pulled her coat open until both of her breasts were completely uncovered. She leaned her head back against the headrest of her seat and froze in that position. 

"Spread your legs sweetie so I can get a good look at your pussy tattoo," came the man's next instructions.

"Nice dog collar too sweetie. Are you someone's pet," the man asked.

Summer realized that the collar was around her neck so it had been visible the whole time she had been in the McDonalds. Here was a man asking if she was a pet. If only he knew that she was not a pet, but a slave to a high school master.

The man watched as the woman in the car involuntarily spread her legs offering him a terrific view of her breast and pussy tattoos, but now he was able to see the piercings in the woman's pussy lips as well as the woman's clit. "Put one foot back on the pavement sweetie, spread your legs further for me," came her next instructions.

Summer slid her left foot back out of the car, placed it on the payment, turned in the seat a little to her left which then gave the man and unobstructed view of her tattoos as well as the piercings in her nipples, pussy lips and her clit. Summer was mortified that she was being degraded in this manner, but the Rosebud buried in her ass pressed against the seat was having that same old effect on her.

"Now sweetie, one last instruction. Use your hands and spread those pussy lips so I can see those piercings better," the man instructed.

Her body and mind were now on auto pilot as yet another person was making demands of her that she should reveal her body at his instructions. Summer complied with the instructions, placed a hand on either side of her pussy opening and spread her pussy for the leering eyes of the stranger.

"Spread your knees farther sweetie," the man ordered.

Summer spread her knees as far as she could apart and still remain seated in the car. In this position, the rosebud was pressed firmly against her asshole. Her nipples were now standing at full attention and the teacher could feel wetness on her fingers as her pussy began to flow in reaction to what she was being directed to do and what was happening in her mind about pleasing another man.

About that time a horn sounded and a voice said, "Damn it Jim. Give the lady her coffee. We have to get to work."

"Damn sweetie, I have to leave. I look forward to your next visit to the McDonalds," the man said as he handed Summer her coffee.

As he walked away, Summer felt unfulfilled by having exposed herself, but she was unable to reach the orgasm that her body was now telling her it needed. Summer got all the way back into her car, set the coffee in the cup holder, closed the door, pulled her coat back into position and put the car in gear.


Summer sped out of the McDonald's lot as quickly as she could. She was not on a break neck pace to hopefully get to the school in record time and thereby avoiding punishment at the hands of her young master. Summer pulled into the school parking lot at exactly 5:45 AM, which meant she had indeed set a record for getting to the school. Summer parked in the general area of the gym without parking right next to the gym. She grabbed her bag, coffee, purse and keys as she headed for the required door.

Summer reached the door, pulled on the handle and was relieved to find that the door was unlocked. She rushed in the door and right into the boy's locker room. The lights were fully on completely illuminating the locker room. The air smelled of sweat and damp towels. It was obvious to the teacher that the locker room had not been cleaned last night. Tonight's game was important as it was homecoming, so the teacher assumed that the locker room would be cleaned sometime during the school day.

Summer walked to the first row of lockers and listened carefully to see if anyone was there. When she heard no one, Summer called out, "Master T, I am here. I know that I am five minutes late, but it was unavoidable given that you made me stop at the McDonalds.

Summer said again, "Master T I am here."

Again, no response. "Master T your slut is here sir."

"Very good slut. I am pleased that you remembered your training," came Todd's reply.

"Go find locker 55 and wait for me there with nothing on but your slut heels. Place your nose against the locker, raise your hands to the top of the locker and spread your legs," were Master T's final instruction.

Summer quickly began to wander the locker room trying to find the appropriate locker in the darkness of the locker room. It took her several minutes, but Summer finally found the locker. Summer shrugged her shoulders and let the coat fall from her body. She placed it along with her bag on the bench just in front of the correct locker. Summer then leaned forward, pressed her nose to the metal door of the locker, raised her hands above her head to grasp the top of the locker and then she spread her legs as wide as she could as he had been directed.

Summer could now smell the stench of a boy's locker. It wreaked of sweat, dirty clothes and God knows what else. Summer stood there erect as she possibly could with her hands firmly gripping the top of the locker. Her calves were beginning to burn just a little from the pressure of the six inch heels and being forced to spread her legs as wide as was possible.

"So let's say you were five minutes late today slut. What do you think your punishment should be," Summer heard her master say.

"Master T, I do not think I should be punished. If you had not made me stop by McDonalds, I would not have been late because of what happened there," Summer replied.

"Tell me about it slut," Todd said.

Summer detailed her experience at the McDonalds and how it affected her timing. She also confessed that she had both been embarrassed as well as humiliated by the experience, but she did admit that it did turn her on.

"Ok slut. That is an acceptable reason to forgo any punishment I had planned for you. So, you do not have much time. There is a player meeting in the locker room at 6:30 and you only have 35 minutes to get dressed for the day. You must take a shower, wash your hair, do your make-up and then dress in what I have left for you in the locker," Todd said.

The next thing Summer heard was the door opening and then closing. "Oh my God," Summer said out loud. 

Summer immediately stepped out of her shoes, looked in the locker to see if there was a towel. Of course there wasn't a towel. Summer noticed at the entrance to the showers was a basket overflowing with used towels. She had no choice but to use one of those.

Summer ran into the showers and went to the first stall. She turned on the shower and was hit with a cold blast of water. She kept turning the hot water nozzle, but the temperature of the water did not change. She turned off the water and moved to the next shower. The same thing occurred. Then she saw the sign. "Showers out of order due to broken hot water pipe."

"Damn it," Summer said to herself.

Steeling against the cold blast of water, the teacher quickly soaped her body, ducked her head under the spray and then quickly turned the water off. Her body was covered in goose bumps and her nipples were standing at full attention. Summer walked back to the shower room entrance and grabbed several towels from the basket.

She held them up to her nose and they smelled like they had been there for several days. None of the towels she picked up were fully dry. Reluctantly, Summer began to dry her body as best she could. She wrapped a towel around her head hoping to dry her jaggedly cut hair style with the white streaks.

Summer walked back to the locker and stood before it. She had left it open and then she was able to concentrate on her apparel for the day. Her young master had left a reasonable length black skirt, black short sleeved crew neck top, red thong and a matching red shelf bra. Her young master had included a beige pair of back seamed thigh hi's with her four inch black heels.

Remembering her instructions, Summer picked up her toiletry bag and walked to the nearest mirror. She knew she had very limited time so she quickly went to work applying the appropriate slut make-up. She did not do the full facial as she did not have time. Summer figured that she would have time during the day to re-apply her make-up in the ladies' room later.

Next Summer pulled her hair dryer out of the bag and gave her hair the once over deciding to leave it damp in order to save time.

Hurriedly, Summer walked back to the locker, pulled out the lingerie and slipped it on her body. She noticed that her nipples were not covered by any fabric of the red shelf bra, but her butterfly tattoos would be covered by the crew neck top. She did notice that her pierced nipples were standing at full attention as was her clit stimulated by the piercing as well as the thin slice of material of the lace red thong running between her pussy lips and up her ass crack. She could plainly see the stem of the rose tattoo as it snaked out of the top of her thong.

Summer sat down on the bench, which is when she remembered that she had left the rosebud firmly implanted in her ass. She did not dare remove it as she hand not been instructed to do so.

Summer quickly pulled the fine beige thigh hi hose up her legs. She had to be careful not to run them because of the length of her red painted nails. The length of the nails made it difficult to do most everything including typing, writing, pulling up her hose, but were a stimulant when she rubbed them across her pierced clit.

Summer shook her head to clear away those thoughts and pulled the sweater out of the locker. The teacher noticed that the sweater had the scent of boy sweat as she pulled it over her head. Once in place, Summer immediately knew why her young master had picked out this particular top. Though it did provide full coverage of her tattoos, it in no way concealed the fact that her nipples were pierced. So, if she got a chill or was excited for any reason, Summer knew that the top would not hide her erect nipples and the bar bell piercings would be unmistakable.

Summer looked at the clock and it was 6:20 AM. She could hear low mumbles in the hallway and she began to panic. She pulled on the black skirt, tucked the sweater into the waistband of the skirt and buttoned the top button. That is when she noticed that there were six buttons on the skirt, but the bottom three were not fastened.

Summer sat down on the bench to slip the four inch high heels onto her still tired feet. Though they were not the same height as her white ones, still the incline will have a steady impact on her feet as well as her calves all day.

Summer then reached into the locker to retrieve a black bag. When she picked it up, she immediately knew what it was. Somehow her young master had wound up with her black vibrating egg. She did not have to be told what to do. Summer placed her left foot on the bench, pulled the thin strip of material of the crotch of her thong to the side and then the teacher easily slipped the egg into her quickly moistening pussy.

Once satisfied that everything was in place, Summer put her white six inch heels, white rhinestone collar and her overcoat into her bag along with her beauty products. She slammed the locker door shut, walked to the door, opened it to peek down the corridor in both directions and seeing no one, Summer exited the locker room and went back out of the gym through the same door she had walked in earlier.

From down the hallway, Calvin Williams observed his prized slut walking out of the boy's locker room. "Now I wonder what that slut was doing in there," Calvin asked himself.

Calvin went into the locker room and looked around. He saw no visible signs that the teacher had been in the locker room. Then he heard a slight dripping sound in the showers and he then saw the wet floor. He followed dainty footsteps to the locker area. The footsteps stopped in front of locker 55, which was his step son's locker.

The janitor opened the locker to find nothing unusual in the locker except for a pair of black lace panties hanging in the back of the locker. Calvin pulled the panties out of the locker and smelled them. They had a faint fragrance of a wet pussy. He checked the size and saw that they were a six, which he bet were exactly the same size as his teacher slut's. "Well, today I am going to find out what size she wears," Calvin said to himself.

Stuffing the panties in his pocket, Calvin followed the same path exiting the gym as the teacher. He knew where her classroom was and he walked casually to the main school building. He went in through a side exit utilizing his master key. Calvin quickly climbed the stairs to the second floor.

Calvin exited the stairwell on the same floor as Summer Wayne's classroom. He walked down the hallway and noticed that the lights in his slut's room were not on at the moment. So, Calvin continued down the hallway until he reached the teacher's lounge. 

When he stepped into the lounge, his eyes found the ass of his slut teacher thrust out towards him as her body was bent at the waist as she was retrieving something from the refrigerator.

"Well, well my slut is back at school. How are slut," Calvin asked the startled teacher.

Summer almost cut her head on the door of the refrigerator as she raised up too quickly from her bent position. She immediately knew that it was Calvin Williams the janitor. She remembered right away the day she was made to perform for him in his office. She remembered the size of his cock and the threatening manner in which he had used her as he photographed her submission.

"Hi Mr. Williams. How have you been," Summer asked.

"Well I have been fine my slut. Where have you been this week," the janitor asked.

"Mr. Williams, please do not call me that. I am a teacher here and I should have your respect," Summer countered.

"Well slut, if I had not already sampled your mouth and pussy, then I might show a little more respect, but you showed me what a slut you are. So, where have you been slut," Calvin asked again.

"If you really must know, I was out sick. Now I must really get back to my classroom Mr. Williams," Summer said with a less than convincing stern voice.

"Well slut let me ask you a question. Why is your hair damp," Calvin asked as he had closed the distance between himself and the teacher. He had reached out and touched her newly styled & streaked hair.

"I ran out of time at home this morning and I had to rush in to school, if you must know Mr. Williams. Now please let me leave," Summer replied.

"Well slut, I just do not believe you. Why were you in the boy's locker room this morning," Calvin asked the teacher.

"I most certainly was not," was Summer's reply.

"So slut you are calling me a liar," was Calvin's indignant reply.

"No, Mr. Williams, I am saying you were mistaken," replied the intimidated teacher.

Sensing that Summer was losing her resolve, Calvin pressed further. "So, let me get this straight. You are saying I am mistaken when I say I watched you leave the boy's locker room, exit the building by the door on that side of the gym and then I find you here in the teacher's lounge with damp hair," Calvin asked again.

"Yes Mr. Williams that is exactly what I am saying," replied the now worried teacher. 

Summer now knew that she was trapped. But, she had not given in nor had she allowed herself to be drawn into an argument with the huge janitor. Her pussy was getting wetter by the minute because of the egg and her nipples were stiffening further revealing her state of arousal at being admonished by such a dominant person.

"Well there is one way to determine your honesty slut. Tell me what size panties you wear," Calvin said tightening the noose.

"Why would you want to know and why would you expect me to tell you Mr. Williams," came Summer's reply.

"I say you did go into the boy's locker room. I even say you took a shower in there and were traumatized by the cold water. I am guessing you did not know the hot water did not work," Calvin said.

Continuing to tighten the noose around the now cowering teacher Calvin asked, "Did you go into locker 55 slut? Do not lie to me," Calvin said.

"I most certainly did not Mr. Williams," replied a now very concerned teacher.

"Slut, there is only one way to determine if you are lying or not," Calvin said as he reached into his pants pocket to retrieve the red thong he found in his step son's locker.

"Now, tell me slut, are these yours," Calvin asked.

Summer found herself with nowhere to go. She recognized the black thong as a match to the shelf bra she had worn on several occasions as the direction of her young master. She did not know how they came to be in locker 55 and how did the janitor know to look in that locker she wondered.

The janitor could see in the teacher's eyes that she recognized them. He smiled and looked strongly at Summer as she dropped her head.

"Well slut, what have you got to say for yourself now," Calvin said to Summer forcefully.

"I do not know what you mean sir, those are not mine," replied Summer sheepishly.

Holding up the "T" back of the thong, Calvin said, "You see right here slut. It says these are size six. I am betting that the panties you now have on are a size six. If I am wrong, then I will apologize. But, if I am right, you will be seeing me in my office at your lunch break," the big janitor said to Summer.

The school was not busy yet this morning as it was early for most teachers and for sure no students. So, the janitor pressed further, "So, turn around slut and I will find out for myself."

"Mr. Williams, I am not about to have you checking my underwear out," the teacher replied as sternly as the situation would allow.

Before she finished her sentence, the janitor had closed the distance, had her spun around and pressed Summer up against the refrigerator door. Summer struggled, but the strength and size of her tormentor prevented any real protest. Summer felt the top button on her skirt being undone. The janitor snaked his hand inside the waistband of the teacher's skirt, pulled up the bottom of the sweater, found the band of the red lace thong and pulled it up. This forced the thin slip of material of the crotch deep inside the teacher's pussy between each of her pierced pussy lips and pressing the rose bud tighter against her asshole. "Please stop Mr. Williams," Summer moaned.

The material pulling against her clit was stimulating and her submission to another man began to work on her body as always. Summer felt the janitor push the back of her head tightly against the door of the refrigerator. Summer was semi bent at the waist and the waist band of her skirt had been pulled down so that it rested just below her ass cheeks.

"Wow what a nice tattoo that is Ms. Wayne. It is the school mascot isn't it," Calvin asked the teacher.

"Yes Mr. Williams it is," Summer replied softly. Calvin could hear soft moaning coming from the teacher as he continued to pull the thong up tighter against her ass. He did not know that the crotch material of the thong was also forcing the rosebud more tightly against the teacher's ass.

Leaning down, the janitor found the size label and just as he had surmised, the red lace thong was a size six. "Well Ms. Wayne, we both know that you are a total slut and looking for young cocks in the boy's locker room," Calvin said to the teacher.

Calvin continued to pull on the lace waist band of the thong almost lifting Summer up onto her tip toes. "Now listen slut. At your lunch period get your ass down to my office and I will take a longer look at that new tattoo of yours," Calvin said to the teacher as he released his grip on the thong and turned to walk out of the lounge.

It took Summer a several seconds to realize that the janitor had left her and that she was still in a state of undress that she did not want another teacher nor an administrator to find her in the lounge. Summer quickly grabbed the waist band of her skirt, pulled it back in place, buttoned it back up and then straightened as best she could. She noticed that she was breathing heavily once again, but was frustrated that she had not achieved an orgasm.

Just as she finished pouring herself a cup of coffee, in walked Principal Harding. "Well hello there Ms. Wayne. Are you feeling better," the principal asked.

"Yes Mr. Harding I am feeling better, thank you," Summer replied trying not to appear flustered.

"Are you ok Ms. Wayne," Mr. Harding asked.

"Oh yes sir, I am doing quite well thank you," Summer replied. She also realized, as did Mr. Harding, that she had said yes sir a little too compliantly.

"Well that is ok Ms. Wayne. Let me know how I can help you now that you are back. I missed seeing you," the principal said as his eyes were fixated on the two protruding nipples that were obviously pierced. Mr. Harding started to say something, but words just would not leave his lips.

Summer quickly splashed milk as well as a teaspoon of sugar into her coffee then dashed back to her room. Summer was so flustered with the interaction with the janitor as he had pulled her thong deeply between her pussy lips and then to be observed by the principal who could not take his eyes off of her nipples. Summer's body was heating up and it was not even 7:30 AM yet.

Summer settled into her desk chair and began to sip her coffee. Unfortunately, her morning was interrupted when her young master walked into the classroom. He nonchalantly walked over to his slave teacher, pulled down his sipper, fished out his semi-erect cock and said, "Slut, get on your knees. You have two minutes to milk my cock."

"Please Master T, the first round of bells will be ringing soon Sir. I do not have that much time. Don't make me do that," Summer pleaded.

Young Todd Spillers, just looked down at his teacher and saw lust in her eyes as he waved his now almost fully erect cock in front of her fact. He could see her reluctance slipping away as the head of his eight inch cock was only almost to her lips. He watched as his slave teacher slid out of her chair, knelt on the floor, closed her eyes, opened her mouth and her right hand went up to grasp the base of her young master's s cock.

Summer resigned herself to her call in life now. She opened her mouth, pulled the cock to her mouth and she had if fully engulfed in her mouth with the head hitting the back of her throat. Summer went to work stroking the cock in rhythm with her mouth. When her mouth went down the shaft, her hand went up. She worked diligently and felt her young master's cock become even harder after only a minute or so. Summer thought that he had gotten really close really fast, but she had imagined him stroking his cock prior to his entrance into her classroom.

"Now slut, let go of my cock and tilt your head back. I am going to shoot my cum into your mouth, but you are not to swallow," Todd said authoritatively.

Todd felt the mouth of his teacher release his cock and he began to furiously stroke his cock. Then he had second thoughts. "Slut, pick up your coffee cup and bring it to your lips now," Todd ordered.

Summer knew what was cumming and had no other choice but to wrap her fingers around her mug, bring it up to her mouth as she watched as her young master stroked his cock until gobs of cum landed in her coffee, on her tongue and on her nose. She watched for several more strokes until the majority of the young master's cock spurts stopped. He however was still milking globs of cum into her cup.

"Ok slut, you will drink my cum along with your coffee all morning. You are not to finish your coffee until lunch time. You will reheat the coffee each period. My cum in your coffee should add a pleasant aroma to your room," Todd ordered.

Summer's compliant response was music to the young master's ears, "Yes Master T."

Todd zipped up his jeans, turned and walked out of the room. He paused at the door and said, "After your fourth period, go to the girl's restroom on this floor and follow directions."

That is when Summer was horrified to see that her door was not shut. Right then, the first morning bell rang out signaling that students needed to head to their first period class. Summer had only seconds to wipe the cum from her face and dip her finger in the coffee. 

The teacher frantically wiped where she thought her young master's cum landed. She was worried that, upon close inspection, any student could see the droplets of his jism on her face. But, she felt like she got it all, but to be sure she rubbed her face so that she massaged any residual amounts into her skin.

The students were very happy to see their beloved English teacher. Almost every one of the students came up to Summer to find out if she was feeling better. She hated lying to her students, but she had no choice. Summer was thankful that her young master had allowed her to be covered on her first day back. She knew that eventually she would be revealing at least her butterfly tattoos to her students. The teacher hoped that it would be a long time until she was put on display to the seniors in her classes.

Each class required that the teacher parade in front of her class, walk to the microwave and reheat her cum flavored coffee. Summer could smell the cum. And she was horrified that the aroma of the heated coffee mixed with cum would permeate her class room. She felt her nipples poking at the material of her sweater and knew that the student sere watching as her breasts bounced as she walked. At the end of fourth period, the overheated teacher had finished her coffee. 

Summer reached for her purse and that is when she found the note. She left the room after the last student had departed and went to the girl's bathroom. She remembered that she no longer was allowed to use the faculty restroom.

When Summer entered the restroom, she was startled to find it packed with students fixing make-up, scurrying away to fan the smoke generated from their cigarettes and the constant flushing of toilets. Summer stood there while the chatter almost ceased and the eyes of the girls were taking in the spectacle of the English teacher using the girl's restroom. Summer stood stoically as she waited for a stall to become available. Summer felt sweat forming on her forehead as well as at area right under her nose. Her nipples were pressing against the tight sweater and she felt all eyes on her.

Once a stall became available, the nervous teacher went inside. Summer pulled up her skirt, slid her red thong down to her knees and sat on the seat of the commode. After relieving herself, making sure to keep the string of the vibrating egg out of harm's way and keeping her ass firmly gripping the rose bud, the teacher pulled the note out of her purse.

"Slut,

Good morning. I am glad that you came back to school and were so enthusiastic in doing as you were instructed. I missed seeing you at school as did all of my friends. I understand that your son's will be home this weekend. So, if you do not want them to find out about your being my willing slave, I suggest you continue to do as you are instructed. You are free the rest of the day, but keep your egg and rose bud securely inside your cunt and ass. Also, take off your bra and carry it back to your classroom. You are not allowed to put it into your purse. Go home after school, take a nap, refresh your body, shave all of your hair off of your body as usual and then dress for tonight. You are a chaperone for the dance and I will be there. Make sure to wear your bright red wraparound dress, your six inch black heels, black garter belt, black back seamed hose, white slut thong and no bra. Make sure your make-up is as I like it and make sure that your hair is really sexy. Bring your collar and matching leash. You will get further instructions at the dance."

Master T

"Fuck," Summer said out loud, before realizing where she was.

Summer flushed the commode, stood up, and pulled her panties back into place where the thin material of the crotch slipped between her two pussy lips which left her piercings uncovered. Summer pulled her skirt down. As instructed, Summer slipped her arms through the arms of the sweater, unclasped her bra and took it off. She quickly folded it as neatly into in as small a package as she could and she exited the stall. There were two girls still in the restroom and Summer was sure that they heard her curse, but they said nothing. Summer placed her purse on the dingy bathroom floor making sure to lay her red bra carefully across the top of the purse so that it would not fall onto the floor. She did not think the girls saw her bra. The teacher washed her hands, checked her make-up and then exited the bathroom and walked back to her classroom for lunch. She still had 35 minutes to gather her thoughts about tonight and then hopefully be able to enjoy her children being home this weekend.

Summer made her way back to her classroom and she was acutely aware of her breasts as they swayed back and forth as she walked. She noticed several students staring at her breasts which only made her nipples that much harder. The stimulation of the rose bud, the vibrating egg in her pussy and the fact that she was being forced to parade through the corridors braless with her nipples straining against the material of her sweater was making her pussy leak. Summer could feel the moisture escaping around the thin material of the crotch of her thong and the insides of her thighs were wet.

Summer finally made it to her classroom haven only to find a note from Calvin Williams:

"Slut, I expect you in my office immediately. Do as you have been previously directed once in my office." Signed, Mr. Williams.

Without protest or thought, the teacher knew that she had no choice. She took the time to put her purse and bra in the bottom drawer of her desk. It was still her lunch period as she had 25 minutes until her fifth period class began. Summer slipped into the hallway and went downstairs via the back stairwell. She could hear the clicking of her four inch heels as she made her way down to the basement level. Fortunately, the teacher made it down the stairs without running into any students or administrators. She could feel her nipples straining against the material of her sweater as they bounced with each stair.

When she reached the big janitor's office, Summer let herself in, shut the door, walked to the opposite side of the office next to the desk, faced the wall and slowly stripped. Summer placed her clothes on the desk as she had once before keeping only her black heels on. Summer placed her hands above her head on the wall and waited for her tormentor to walk into the office. When the door opened Summer did not know if it was Mr. Williams or if someone else had walked into the office.

"Well, well, I see that you can follow directions teacher. It is a good thing too as I would have hated to turn you in to Mr. Harding showing him your panties that you left in my stepson's locker this morning," Calvin said sternly.

"Very nice eagle tattoo slut. Do you plan on having the tattoo colored in to match the school colors," Calvin asked.

"Mr. Williams, please don't make me do this. Please let me leave," Summer pleaded.

"Answer my question slut," Calvin replied.

"Yes Mr. Williams, it is my plan to have the school's red and blue colors inserted in the tattoo, when it is not hurting," Summer replied.

"Spread your legs wider slut and back away from the wall so that your back if parallel with the floor," Calvin ordered.

Summer knew that in a moment, her next tormentor would see the rose bud protruding from her ass as well as the receiver wire for the black vibrating egg that was buried deep in her now extremely wet pussy. Once she had adhered to Calvin's directions, Summer heard a low whistle.

"Nice plug you have there teach. How does it feel to have it inside you when you are sitting at your desk," Calvin asked.

"Mr. Williams, please stop this and let me return to my classroom. I do not have much time before fifth period begins," Summer once again pleaded.

"Answer my fucking question slut," Calvin said angrily.

"Mr. Williams if does feel good," Summer replied.

"Now tell me why is there a wire coming out of that wet cunt of yours slut," Calvin said.

Without pleading for release this time, Summer responded, "Mr. Williams, it is my vibrating egg. I like to have it in me sometimes."

"Damn teach, you are a bigger slut than I thought. Do you do that to turn on the boys," Calvin asked.

"No sir, I do it for me," Summer replied.

"Wow you are one hot slut for sure. Take it out and let me see it teach," Calvin instructed.

Without raising up from her prone position, Summer supported herself with her left hand as she reached between her legs, pulled on the wire receiver cord and felt the egg begin to slip out of her pussy. Summer's pussy walls tried to grip the egg so that it would not be pulled out, but Summer continued to pull on the wire until the egg dangled from her fingers. Summer held the egg there between her legs and Calvin could see straight into the teacher's gaping pussy. That is when he saw the clit piercing.

"Damn slut, you have gone and pierced your clit. How does that feel," he asked the teacher.

"It is very stimulating Mr. Williams, but it is still very sore as I only had it done this past Sunday," replied the teacher.

Summer was hoping that the big janitor would have mercy on her pussy because she remembered the instructions from the tattoo and piercing artist that she should avoid sex for 10-14 days.

"Stand up slut and put your hands above your head," Calvin ordered.

The intimidated teacher did as she was told immediately, but keeping her back to the large black janitor. With her hands raised above her head, the black vibrating egg dangling from her fingers, the teacher's hair parted around her neck and that is when the janitor saw the tattoo on the back of her neck, near to Summer's hair line.

"What does MT mean slut," Calvin asked.

Summer hesitated a bit to try and come up with a reasonable answer. She lied and said, "Those represent My Teacher," replied the teacher.

"What does that mean slut," Calvin asked as he moved nearer for a closer inspection of the teacher's neck as well as to put his hands on the tight mounds of her ass. He could smell the faint aroma of his latest conquest's pussy and Calvin knew that he had himself another teacher at the school. He had a stable of current and former teachers, but this English teacher could be his best addition to his stable of willing and unwilling slaves.

"Turn around slave and keep those hands in the air," Calvin ordered.

As Summer turned around, her eyes stared into the middle of the large chest of the janitor. Summer did not dare raise her eyes up, nor did she lower her arms. In this position, the janitor now had a good view of the butterfly tattoos on each of the teacher's breasts. Calvin stepped back and then he let out a loud whistle when he saw the inverted rose tattoo that seemed to grow from the teacher's belly button down to her pussy mound. Calvin also noticed the belly button piercing with the silver "S" and smiled.

"Well slut, you have definitely decorated your body correctly," Calvin said with a very sly grin.

About that time the walkie talkie attached to the big janitor's belt chimed, "Mr. Williams, please report to the cafeteria as we have a large spill that needs cleaning."

"Fuck," Calvin said out loud.

"On your knees slut. You need to suck my cock dry right now," Calvin ordered.

Summer lowered herself onto her knees resting the toes of her four inch black heels so that she was able to let her ass cheeks be supported in that position.

"Put the egg back in your pussy and unzip my pants and pull my cock out slut," Calvin told the teacher.

With shaking hands, the kneeling teacher forced the egg back into her soaking wet pussy, reached up, found the pull of the zipper and slowly pulled it down. Once down, without instructions, Summer reached inside the janitor's pants to find a semi-erect cock that was not confined by underwear. Summer quickly fished out the ever hardening black cock and pulled it to her mouth. Summer could smell sweat on the janitor's cock, but she slid it in her mouth without hesitation.

Summer concentrated on the bulbous head of the long black cock. She felt it hardening with each of thrust of her mouth. Slowly, the teacher was able to force half of the monster cock into her mouth. Even with only half of the cock in her mouth, Summer could feel the head hit the back of her throat with each thrust.

"Suck faster slut as I do not have too much time," Calvin ordered.

With that, Calvin grabbed Summer on each side of her head and he began to fuck her mouth up and down his shaft as he forced it deeper and deeper into the kneeling teacher's mouth. Summer felt like she was suffocating because of the sheer size of the girth of Calvin's cock. Calvin of course was not concerned with whether or not the teacher could breathe. All he wanted was his second orgasm of the day after he had fucked the school secretary Shirley earlier this morning on the principle's desk. That woman really needed to be fucked ever since her husband had passed. Though, Calving had been banging her for years.

Summer could not tell that she was tasting another woman's pussy juices on Calvin's cock. Summer could feel the janitor's cock grow even harder and she listened as Calvin grunted every time he buried his cock into the back of her throat. Calvin drew the teacher's mouth fully onto his cock, held her in place and then erupted sending load after load of cum against the back of Summer's throat. Summer could not breathe as her nose was pressed against the base of the janitor's cock and the amount of cum being dumped into her throat did not give her any breathing room at all.

When he finished, Calvin rubbed the end of his cock all over the teacher's face and said, "I am marking my territory. You are not to wipe my cum off of your face the rest of the school day. Now I am off to clean up the mess," Calvin said as he zipped his pants.

Summer still on her knees watched as the big janitor walked out of his office leaving the door open as he left. Summer scrambled to her feet and she quickly crossed the office floor to close the door as her heels clicked on the vinyl floor. Once safely hidden behind the closed door, the teacher tried to compose herself. She had three more classes to teach and she now had cum from two different cocks on her face. Fortunately, her young master had allowed her to wipe as much as possible from her face, but Summer had felt the tightness of dried cum on her face most of the day. She noticed the mirror on the door and walked over to give herself a quick view.

Calvin had made sure to rub the last bits of his cum over her eyebrows, down her nose and under each eye. The last drops were spread on each of her cheeks. She could still feel the monster cock as he had rubbed it on her face surely marking his territory. The teacher did not have time to further think about her situation. She had to quickly dress, compose herself and make her way back to her class room.

The teacher pulled on her sweater to cover her breasts. Once in place, all the sweater did was to highlight the fact that she did not have a bra on and her nipples clearly showed her piercings. Summer then pulled her red thong back into place making sure that it slipped between her wet pussy lips to keep the egg in place as well as to keep the rose bud in place. The teacher then pulled the black skirt back on and buttoned the top button. The bottom three buttons were still undone. Summer fanned her face in the hope that she could dry Calvin's cum faster. She hated walking through the hallway when filled with students. Today it would be worse because of the cum on her face and the fact that she had no bra on to conceal her erect nipples or the adorning gold bar bell piercings.

Suddenly, the bell ending the lunch period rang through-out the school. It was faint in the basement, but Summer realized that she had to get back to her classroom immediately. Summer touched the area on her cheeks where the janitor had rubbed his massive cock and unfortunately, his cum had not completely dried. She dare not attempt to wipe it off as she had been told that she could not. The teacher did try and dab some off with her fingers and pressed the cum to her lips to clean her fingers. This action only caused her nipples to harden even more.

Summer slowly opened the door to the janitor's office, looked both ways and then quickly walked to the end of the corridor to the stairwell. She started the slow climb up the stairs hoping to make it past the first floor landing without too many eyes discovering that she was climbing out of the basement. But, as always the teacher's luck did not hold out as she was met on the first floor landing by Terry and his group of friends.

"Well hello Mrs. Wayne. We heard that you had been sick. How are you feeling," Terry asked.

Ever since they had followed her in his truck, Terry and his friends had tried as often as possible to run into the sexy senior English teacher. As juniors, they were looking forward to being in her class for their senior year. The boys had followed her up the stairs several times getting great glimpses up her skirts finding her bare ass and seeing the tops of her hose.

"Thank you Terry, I am doing well. I am glad to be back at school," Summer responded.

As she pushed past the four boys, she was forced to rub her breasts up against Terry's chest, which only heightened the sensitivity of her pierced nipples. She felt a hand rub across her ass as she squeezed past the boys and made her way up the stairs. To the joy of each of the boys, they were able to get good views of the red thong as it disappeared between Summer's ass cheeks.

"We have to find a way to get a better look at Mrs. Wayne," Terry said to his friends. They all agreed, but headed out to their classes to fantasize about the sexy teacher instead of paying attention to the boring instructions of their teachers.

Safely back in her classroom, Summer went about the most pleasurable portion of her school day, instructing her students. Summer noticed that she had most every boy's full attention as they were looking straight at her, but not at her eyes. Each set of eyes in the class room were focused on her nipples as she walked the class room floor, even the girls.

When the last bell rung, the stressed teacher finally was able to relax. She had a couple of thing to complete before heading home to rest for whatever demands her young master would be making on her tonight.

But, her solitude was broken by the sound of her cell phone buzzing as she had received a text message. It was from a number that she did not recognize. Summer clicked on the messenger icon and read, "Slut, meet me at the Foxes Cinema in thirty minutes," signed by Delvin Scott. The text included the address as well as a picture of Summer's face with her lips around a large black cock with her eyes looking directly into the camera.

Scott was the locksmith that double teamed the teacher last week with Mark Freeman at her home. They had taken numerous pictures of Summer as they both fucked her in both of her holes as well as forcing her to suck their cocks dry. Summer had run afoul of Mark Freeman's wife at the gym and had paid a heavy price with a spanking so harsh that she could not sit down for several days without pain.

Summer responded, "Mr. Scott, I am unable to meet you as you have asked. I am busy with work and my sons will be at my house when I get there."

Just as quickly, "Slut, I will be at your house to meet you then. I will let you sons know just what a slut their mom really is."

Summer quickly replied, "Please do not do that Mr. Scott. I can meet you some other time."

Summer sat there with her mine racing and worrying about what might happen. Delvin Scott did not respond right away and Summer became even more nervous. Summer then sent another text, "Mr. Scott are you there?"

Still no response and Summer began to breathe deeply worrying that the locksmith might just go to her house

Summer texted another pleading message, "Please Mr. Scott let me meet you some other time."

Summer sat at her desk looking at her phone hoping that it would go off. Resigned to having to rush home, Summer began to gather up all of her belongings and stuff them into her teacher bag. She put her bra in the bottom of the bag and that is when she found the controller to her egg. There was a yellow "sticky" attached to it that read, "One orgasm before you leave your classroom slut." Master T

Normally that might have put the teacher over the edge, but Summer thought that an orgasm was just what she needed at that moment from all of the activities that she had been through today, the forced blow jobs and not wearing a bra all afternoon.

Summer pressed the button and the egg sprang to life giving the teacher a jolt initially as she remembered that the settings were usually on high. Summer turned the dial on the remote to a lower level and leaned back in her chair. That is when she realized that she had not shut her classroom door. Summer jumped up out of her chair and rushed to close the door. About that time, Terry was walking by the classroom hoping to get another glimpse of the sexy English teacher. He had slipped away from his friends and had been hopeful to get one more good glimpse. He was sort of surprised to see the teacher close her door.

Summer walked back to her desk and continued with the dial on the remote slowly increasing the speed as well as the intensity of the vibrations. Summer placed the remote on her desk, unbuttoned the remaining buttons on her skirt, spread her legs and allowed her fingers to run inside her panties to find her erect, but pierced clit. With her long fingernails, Summer found it difficult to apply hard pressure to the head of her clit, but she found that by playing with the piercing, her body reacted quite readily. With her right hand occupied with her clit, Summer ran her left hand under her sweater to find her left nipple standing at full attention.

Once Summer's fingers found the pierced nipple, her body went into over drive and erupted in the needed orgasm. Terry at the window to the teacher's classroom could not believe his good fortune as he had just watched the sexiest teacher in the school bring herself to orgasm. Damn he thought to himself. He had been so engrossed in what he was watching, he had forgotten to get his mobile phone out to capture the scene for himself. But, the memory would be sufficient for him to bring himself of several times tonight the thought as he stole away after getting one more glimpse of the teacher sitting at her desk, legs spread wide, right hand down her panties and her head resting on the back of her chair.

Summer reached over, grabbed the remote and turned it off. About that time, her phone buzzed indicating that she had received another text. Without readjusting her clothes, Summer opened the link and found another picture of her bent over the stool in her kitchen, a cock in her ass and mouth with her eyes focused on the camera lens. "Slut meet me at Foxes Cinema in 25 minutes or else."

Summer had no choice. She had time to make a meeting, but she would, not have time to rest for whatever tonight's events would hold. Summer quickly buttoned her skirt back together, pulled the egg out of her sopping wet pussy and put it along with the remote back into her bag. Summer then remembered the rose bud and she did not want to have to explain that any more. She bent over at the waist, reached behind with her left hand to pull her thong to the side and with her right hand, the teacher pulled the decorative plug out of her ass with an audible plop. The started to place the rose bud in her bag, but she caught the odor of her ass from the plug and quickly wrapped it in tissue before placing it in her bag. The teacher then reached across her desk, pulled out a disinfectant wipe and wiped her asshole to give her some freshness there.

Summer then rushed out of the classroom, down the stairs, out the exterior door and then off to her car. Once she had put the address for Foxes Cinema in her GPS, she realized she would be late. Summer started up her car and then headed off to her next humiliation...






