Summer's Blackmail Ch. 25
bywilcox010©
Summer Wayne is a 40 year old married, high school Senior English teacher that has been blackmailed by one of her students for three weeks. She is required to call him Master T and she is completely under his control. Master T has had each of Summer's nipples pierced, each of her pussy lips is adorned with ring piercings, she has had her hair cut into a much younger cut that barely reaches her neck, it is jagged in style and her hair has received extensive highlighting to further change her appearance. Her fingernails have been lengthened by acrylic nails of almost ¾ inches in length and painted a bright red to match her toenails. She has had her clit pierced and her body is adorned with five tattoos further humiliating and further degrading/dominating the teacher by her high school master.

Summer arrived at Foxes Cinema still dressed in the black button up skirt, black short sleeved crew neck light weight sweater, red thong and her black four inch heels that she had been made to wear all day at school on this Friday. She had parked to the side of the main entrance so that she could quickly refresh her make-up. She found herself automatically applying the right coats and shades as she had been trained by her young master to give her face the slut appearance.

Satisfied that she would meet his approval, the teacher exited her car carrying only her car keys and purse. Summer could hear the click click of her heels on the asphalt pavement and the bright lights of the entrance made the teacher uneasy as she was on full display. As she entered the cinema, her eyes were not adjusted properly for how bright it was in the lobby. There was a counter just as she entered the door with a young man sitting behind it. His expression told her that he was pleased and excited by her entrance.

"You are here to meet Mr. Scott, right," the young boy asked.

"Yes I am. Can you tell me where I am to meet him please," Summer replied.

"First, you have to pay the entrance fee of $20," replied the young man.

Summer rummaged through her purse to find her pocketbook and retrieved a twenty dollar bill. As Summer handed over the money, the young man grabbed the teacher's hand and applied a bold "Fox" stamp on the back of her hand in bright red ink. "The stamp allows you to come and go three times in a twenty-four hour period," said the young man. "I was told to have you leave any personal belongings here behind the counter for me to hold for you."

"Could you please tell me where to meet Mr. Scott," Summer requested.

"Yes I can, but you are instructed to go to ladies restroom for further instructions," replied the boy. "It is just around the corner there."

Summer saw the young man point to his left. Summer handed her purse to the young man and then made her way around the corner where she found the faintly lit ladies room door. Timidly, Summer pushed the door open and was met with a Clorox smell that did make her feel better that the room might be clean.

Though she was in a new place and nervous, her body was reacting to the instructions as well as the unknown, which was turning her own, Again! She could not imagine exactly what she was in store for her, but Summer had a tight window of time and knew she had to get her newest degradation over as fast as possible.

Summer found a note taped to the only mirror in the bathroom. It read, "Slut, go into the stall, take off whatever clothes you have on and put on the clothes that are in the paper bag on the back of the commode. Keep your heels on, but wear only the clothes in the bag." It was signed, The Locksmith

Summer walked over to the only stall in the bathroom, closed and locked the door. Summer quickly stripped off her sweater, unbuttoned her skirt to step out of it and then removed her thong. She opened the bag and only found two pieces of white material. The top was a flimsy halter top that only tied around her neck. Once Summer had it on, she knew that there was no way it would cover her breasts. The bottom was a skirt if you could call it that. Summer sat down on the commode, worked both of her feet into the skirt and then placed her feet back into her heels. As she stood up, Summer drew the white skirt up, but it only fit mid hip. The hem of the so called skirt barely fell below the teacher's ass cheeks.

Summer checked her watch and knew she had to move quickly. Steeling herself for the humiliation to come, Summer hung her clothes on the post on the door, fluffed her hair and headed out of the stall. She then saw the note on the back of the bathroom door. She opened it and found her instructions:

"Slut, go into the cinema at the left side doors, which are opposite from where you are now. Go inside the doors, move immediately to your right and place your back against the wall. Stay there until I come for you," signed the Locksmith.

Summer tore the note up, threw it in the trash can and then headed out of the restroom. The trip to the other side of the cinema required that the teacher walk across the entire lobby. As she reached the front counter, two men came into the cinema and stopped immediately in their tracks. The young man at the counter saw their faces and turned to see what they were looking at.

They all could see the breasts of the teacher bouncing with every step she took. They could make out the piercings in each nipple and could see the blue butterfly tattoos on each. They could see the silver "S" piercing of her navel and they could see the stem of the rose rising above the waist band of the skirt. As she passed them, the men then could see the Screaming Eagle tattoo on her back as well as the upper crack of her ass. A cold shiver ran through the teacher's entire body as well as moisture leaking from her naked, shaved and pierced pussy. Summer felt her nipples harden even more under the gaze of the three men and because of the situation.

"Who the fuck is that women," one of the men asked.

"She is here meeting a man and she is following his instructions," the young man replied.

Both men quickly paid the twenty dollar entrance fee and made their way in the same direction that the teacher had just walked.

Summer had quickened her pace to get away from the cinema lobby and she stopped abruptly as she reached the double doors leading into the cinema. Summer took a deep breath, took the right door handle into her trembling hand and pulled it open. Summer was shocked by the loud squeaking of the door as it sounded like it had not been oiled in years. Every head in the cinema turned to see who was now entering. The teacher was illuminated by the light from the group fuck scene from the screen at the front of the cinema.

Summer felt for the wall, then quickly made her way to it and then pressed her back against it. She could not see really well, but she could make out about 10 heads in seats. She slowly turned her head to the right and she noticed that there were at least three or four more men standing against the wall like her. Only, the teacher could see slow movements of their arms as they stroked their cocks while they had been watching the movie.

Summer felt her nipples harden even more as the entire scene was causing stimulation overload. The teacher kept her back pressed against the wall as the door squeaked again alerting everyone that others had joined the group. Summer saw two figures standing in the door way. Both men let their eyes adjust and then they both saw the teacher in white at the same time.

Without hesitating, both men made their way towards the teacher. They had to feel their way as, like Summer, their eyes had not fully adjusted to the darkness of the cinema. Summer felt a hand at her side and an "Excuse Me." The other man moved in front of and then beside Summer. She was now sandwiched between two unknown men.

Summer just stared straight ahead hoping that Delvin Scott, the Locksmith, would come and rescue her. At least she had some familiarity with him and what he was like. But, until then, Summer was being lightly touched by two strange men. The man on Summer's right was massaging her left upper thigh while the man on her left was nudging her with his right elbow as apparently he was massaging his cock through his trousers.

Summer knew that she was required to stand where she was, but she had not anticipated being touched by other men. So, she stood there as the two men became more and more overt in touching her. The man on Summer's right edged his hand behind the teacher and began to massage and squeeze her panty less ass. The man on her left turned slightly toward her with his hand still stroking his cock now to full erection. The head of his cock was now pressed against Summer's left forearm. With his left hand, the man on Summer's left, slipped under the flimsy top and made its way to her breast immediately finding her erect/pierced nipple. "Nice piercings lady," the man whispered in the teacher's ear.

The man on Summer's right now turned toward the teacher, and with his left hand still behind the teacher, moved his right hand down and between the teacher's thighs. Summer tried to press them together tightly, but the pressure on her ass and his fingers forced her to spread her legs slightly. That was all the encouragement the man on her right needed. He slid his hand up the teacher's legs until it met her now dripping pussy and felt her piercings. "Those must be very nice piercings and you are so wet. You must be a good slut," the man whispered.

The man on Summer's left then lowered his head to her left breast and took her erect and pierced nipple into his mouth. At first tender, the man sucked the entire silver dollar sized nipple into his mouth. Still stroking his cock against Summer's forearm, the man used his free hand to take Summer's left hand and placed it on his cock.

The man on Summer's right slipped two fingers into the teacher's pussy and began to fuck them in and out in rapid fashion. People began to gather around as the noise that the men were making as well as the squishy sounds emanating from Summer's pussy had gotten their attention, as well as the teacher's moans from the mauling her body was receiving by two strange men.

With a cock in her left hand, Summer was now trapped between the men. She began to stroke the cock without being forced to do so. The hand between her legs and in her pussy was forcing her legs to spread wider. The man on her left took the moment to pull the hem of the skirt up so that Summer's ass was now pressed against the hard concrete wall.

Summer was being taken to new heights of depravity and ecstasy at the same time. The men were working their magic on the trapped teacher. Her skirt was now up around her hips, her top had been pulled above her breasts and there was a man sucking each of her nipples. Summer looked through her half closed eyes to find four other men had gathered round her. Each man had his cock in his hand stroking it as they watched her two strangers manipulate her body to the edge of orgasm.

Just as her body was about to explode in orgasm, Summer heard, "Well I see you found my slut," said the Locksmith.

The crowd of men froze in their positions, but the two men continued to work on Summer's body. "We can continue our fun down on the first row guys. But, let me take her down there for a few minutes and then you can join us," the Locksmith said as he pulled Summer from the grasp of her latest tormentors.

Summer was relieved to be rescued from the two men, but concerned when she had heard the Locksmith say that the men could join later.

Summer was being pulled quickly down the aisle of 20 or so rows of theater style seats. The front row as a bit different. There were several couple's seats, which were just a bit larger than two cinema seats combined. The Locksmith plopped down in the middle of the row of three seats. Summer noticed that there was space on either side of the seat, which she surmised was standing room.

"Strip slut," was all the Locksmith said.

Summer knew she had no choice and she noticed that the group of men had followed them down the aisle and had situated themselves only a couple of rows behind the Locksmith. The action on the screen fully illuminated the teacher so in effect she was clearly visible as she first removed the halter top and then slid the tight skirt down her legs.

"Kneel" were his next instructions.

Summer placed the two garments on the seat next to the Locksmith and rested her knees on the dingy floor between the Locksmith's legs. "Fish it out slut," was his next command.

Summer felt for the belt in the Locksmith's pants, unfastened the belt, found the button and unfastened the button. She slowly slid the zipper down and then Summer reached inside the Locksmith's brief opening to pull out his semi-erect cock. Summer began to stroke the Locksmith's cock waiting for the inevitable instruction to take it into her mouth. The Locksmith was staring down at the teacher as she was looking back up at him waiting for the instructions that would come.

"I do not have a lot of time today slut. You were late and now Bill Fraser has called me to tell me that I should get my blow job and let you leave. So get to it slut," the Locksmith said in his best condescending tone.

Summer leaned forward and opened her mouth as wide as she could as the Locksmith's cock was now at full erection. The black bulbous cock head had pre-cum and Summer could smell the odor of a man that had not showered after a long work day. As Summer's tongue found the cock head she was engulfed with the Locksmith's manhood and began to work it into her mouth. Summer began to rhythmically suck the cock of the Locksmith. It took her several attempts but she was able to take his full eight inches into her mouth. Having it positioned there, Summer's mind wondered back to the day when she was fucked by the Locksmith and Mark Freeman in her kitchen as she was tied to the bar stool.

"Goodness, she is taking the cock all the way into her throat," said a voice near her.

Summer opened her eyes as she continued to suck the Locksmith's cock and saw at least six men standing nearby. There were two on either side of the Locksmith's chair and two behind him watching the teacher suck the big black cock. Each man's pants were unzipped and each had his cock in his hand as they watched Summer suck the Locksmith's cock.

The Locksmith grabbed Summer by the hair and pulled her off of his cock. She did not want to let the cock slip from her lips, but the force of the pull was too much and the cock dislodged from the teacher's mouth with a pop.

"Sit on the seat slut," the Locksmith ordered.

Summer quickly stood up and turned around. As she lowered herself onto the seat, the men gathered closely around her. "Ok slut, show these guys how much you love to suck cocks," the Locksmith said.

Summer leaned forward and followed the Locksmith's instructions. She took the large bulbous head into her mouth, grabbed the base with her right hand, his ball sack with her left and then began sucking the monster cock in earnest. It was Summer's goal to get the blow job over as quickly as possible so that she could escape back to her teacher world.

"That's right slut, suck my cock hard," the locksmith said out loud.

Summer's sucking was quite loud and her moans from the erotic scene were causing increased stroking of the cocks around her. The two men that had been standing behind the locksmith were now standing behind the teacher. They began to play with Summer's hair and help to fuck her head forward while she sucked the Locksmith's cock. Each man was stroking his cock while they played with the teacher's hair.

The Locksmith's cock got even harder and Summer knew that it was only a matter of seconds before her efforts were rewarded with his orgasm. The Locksmith pushed Summer off of his cock and backwards against the seat back, which coincidentally placed her head between the two men's cocks. The locksmith then stepped between Summer's legs, pushed them outward and then reinserted his cock into the trapped teacher's mouth. The men on either side of her head began to rub the ends of their cocks against Summer's cheeks as she sucked the Locksmith's cock down her throat.

Her hands were taken off of the Locksmith's cock as well as his balls and placed around two cocks. Summer's body was in complete emotional/sexual stimulation and was nearing eruption without even being touched by anyone. The cock in her throat, the two cocks rubbing against her cheeks and now a cock in each hand were too much for the teacher.

"Take my cum slut," the Locksmith said as his jism flooded the teacher's mouth and throat. Summer tried desperately to capture all of the cum just as her body erupted in orgasm. She screamed around the cock in her mouth as her body succumbed to all of the stimulation, but she did not release the cocks in her hands.

The Locksmith slowly pulled his now semi-erect cock from the teacher's mouth. Summer sucked the last drop of cum from the cock as it passed her lips. "Lean back and let these men see those beautiful tits of yours slut," the Locksmith ordered.

Summer leaned back still holding the two cocks, but now the two cocks behind her were close to her mouth as she leaned back. The two remaining men took up the position that the Locksmith had just vacated in front of the teacher. They each used a foot to spread Summer's legs even wider so that now everyone could see the belly button piercing, the rose tattoo as well as the butterfly tattoos on each breast as well as the bar bell piercings in each nipple. Summer's eyes were closed as the men continued to rub their cocks on her face. The two cocks that she was stroking suddenly erupted spraying their jism onto the teacher's breasts. The two cocks behind her also erupted spraying their jism onto Summer's face and neck.

The two men standing in front of the teacher continued to stroke their cocks with no intention of cumming on the teacher. The four men who had cum sat down in the seats around the teacher to watch the action. The two men stood Summer up and turned her around to face the back of the theater. They forced her onto her knees on the seat. One of the men went to the back of the seat and pulled Summer's face to his cock. Instinctively, the teacher opened her mouth to suck the new cock into her mouth. The teacher had succumbed to the stimulation and degradation of the theater. Summer was now full on to try and satisfy the cocks around her. She did not know or care about the time as she only wanted to feel cocks.

Summer felt the second man between her feet as her knees rested on the cinema seat. She felt hands on her ass cheeks as they were being spread open. The tip of his cock was at her asshole and she tried to pull away, but that only forced the cock in her mouth deeper down her throat. Pinned against the man's abdomen, he held her in that position as he watched his buddy begin to force his cock into the teacher's ass. They had done this once before in the cinema and had been quite surprised to find another woman in heat like this blond.

Summer's asshole tried to fend off the cock, but because it had been stretched all day by the rose bud, the head of the cock easily slipped inside. It only took a couple more thrusts for the man's cock to bury completely in her anal passageway. The men began to fuck the teacher in tandem. Summer's body was once again in the throes of orgasm when both men erupted in her holes.

Both men pulled their cocks out of the respective holes and wiped the remaining cum on the teacher's face and ass cheeks. Summer remained in the seat, but with her forehead pressed on the headrest of the seat. Then she heard, "Slut, get up. It is time for you to leave before the cinema fills up and you have to fuck your way out of here."

Groggily the teacher stood up from the seat with cum dripping from her face, tits and ass. She had been thoroughly fucked in the ass and had drained two cocks with her mouth. "Go to the restroom to clean up and do not get any cum on your outfit," the Locksmith said.

Summer grabbed the two pieces of material, not really an outfit, and headed up the aisle to her left. She assumed that she had been made to march through the lobby when there was an entrance on the ladies room side of the Cinema. When she reached the door Summer heard, "You are very sexy. Come back anytime slut."

Summer pushed the doors open and did not hear the distinctive squeak that she had incurred at the other doors, which was another reason she had been made to go through those doors.

Summer found her way into the restroom and looked closely at herself in the mirror. There were tracks of cum running down her body starting with her cheeks all the way to her rose tattoo. She turned the hot water on and found that there was only cold water. She found a large supply of paper towels and began the process of cleaning up. Once confident that she was basically clean, Summer stepped back into her red thong, black skirt and black crew neck sweater. Summer rolled up the two pieces of material that were her garment and headed for the counter.

The young man at the counter gave a long, knowing look at the teacher. He made her wait while he helped another man come into the cinema. "Did you enjoy yourself," the young man asked.

"Please give me my purse so I can leave," Summer replied.

The young man bent down and picked Summer's purse up off of the floor and flung it on the counter. "There you go slut," he said.

Summer grabbed her purse, pushed past the gawking man who had just paid his admission and then literally ran to her car. Summer jumped in, threw the garments on the seat beside her and started her car. She knew from earlier research that she was 45 minutes from home. She had a lot to do before being back at school to serve as a chaperone for the Homecoming Dance, to endure whatever humiliation and degradation that her young master had in store for her.

Summer enjoyed the solitude of the drive with the mid-fall air being somewhat crisp and she had left the top down on her BMW. As she pulled into her subdivision, she panicked when she thought about her boys being home. She pulled into the clubhouse parking lot to refresh her make-up. Summer quickly put her red bra back on by taking her arms out of her sweater and then putting the sweater back on without being noticed. Once satisfied that she was presentable, Summer drove the short distance to the home she shared with her husband James who was still 40-days away from being home from Asia.

As she pulled into her driveway, she saw that her sons Jacob and Kevin, were home. Summer parked in the garage and bolted into the house. She called out her boys' names and then she saw them with another boy sitting on the patio. Summer went out and gave each of her sons a long hug telling them how much she loved and missed them. Though it had only been a month since they had gone back to the university, so much had changed in her life that them being home helped return her to normalcy, even if it was brief.

Her sons introduced her to their friend Justin Cox. As she turned, she caught Justin looking at her breasts as she was sure the shelf bra had accentuated her nipples and piercings. Fortunately, she thought that her sons had not noticed. "So nice to meet you Justin," Summer said as she reached out with her right hand to Justin. He however took the opportunity to give Summer a hug, pressing her body to his feeling her breasts mash into his chest. His hands lingered on her lower back a little too long for Summer's comfort and she pushed herself away.

"Well, I am sorry I was not hear to greet you and to have something for you to eat," Summer said.

"That is ok mom. We were about to leave to have dinner with friends and introduce Justin to his date, Melanie, for the evening," Jacob said.

Summer gave them hurtful look and she said, "Alright, but do not make any plans for Saturday. We will spend it together."

"Alright mom," Kevin and Jacob said jointly. "See you later Mrs. Wayne, Justin said with his eyes still lingering on her friend's mother's breasts.

As the three college boys left the house, the teacher's body and mind finally relaxed, but she was overcome with some fear at the thought of Justin being set-up with Melanie Hart. Her experience of her first day back to school since the tattoos was hectic, mentally taxing and her body had been used by multiple men. But strangely, her pussy was wet and her nipples were almost poking through the material of her top. Looking at the clock, which read 6:00 PM, Summer said out loud, "Oh Fuck"!

Summer went outside to her car to retrieve the two white pieces of material that had served as her clothing at Foxes Cinema. She did not want her sons to see them on the seat in her car. Summer then raced up the stairs to her bedroom. She dropped her purse on the floor, threw the cinema wardrobe on the bed, kicked off her shoes, stripped off her top, her skirt, red shelf bra and then her cum stained, wet red thong as she walked across the Berber carpet in her bedroom. She had left a trail of clothes across the carpet. Now naked, Summer, turned on the water to her glass enclosed shower and turned to relieve herself. Her body had been advising her that it needed relief and she was only happy to oblige.

Once relieved, Summer moved to her make-up counter and sat down to remove the remnants of her make-up. Looking closely into her make-up mirror, she suddenly gasped. Summer could see dry remnants of cum stains on her cheeks, chin and a line of cum that had run down her throat. Her mind wandered back to the day and how her body had erupted in orgasm so many times due to the stimulation and humiliation from several men.

Summer made her way to the shower and began trying to wash away the shame and degradation that was now her daily life. There was no end in sight for the teacher who had become the slave of her high school master only three weeks ago after sending a picture (the wrong picture) via a website she had found to pass the lonely time while her husband worked in Asia. Now because of her carelessness, she had sent a picture that ultimately wound up in the hands of her young master depicting her face as well as the black phallus her husband had bought for her. She had been subjected to multiple instances of humiliation, degradation and forced sex. Now her body had been adorned with five tattoos, bar bell piercings in each of her silver dollar sized nipples, her clit was pierced with a similar bar bell stud, each of her pussy lips had ring piercings, a belly button piercing and ring piercings in her ears. On top of that, her beautiful hair had been trimmed and highlighted giving her a style not befitting a woman of her age or position

Summer's hands had worked down her body as she was thinking of the humiliation and degrading things that she had endured at the direction of her young master. Even now, her body was reacting to his ownership and her fingers had found the folds of her pussy lips. Summer spread the lips with one hand and with the other, she began to stroke her pierced clit. Her long fingernails handicapped her ability to use the tips of her fingers as she had to use the full length of her index and middle fingers to adequately stimulate her erect clit. Combined with her thoughts, her fingers and the piercings, her body was once again rocked by an orgasm.

Once satisfied, Summer went about washing the day's activities from her body. Summer was unable to completely wash off the Fox stamp on her hand, but it was almost gone, which would make it too hard to really see. Once clean, Summer found herself shaving her pubic mound carefully, her pussy lips, her asshole, her legs and finally her underarms. She thought to herself, "I just shaved myself totally clean of hair without being instructed to do so." Summer was becoming programmed to adhere to her young master's wishes without instructions. Her body also told her that compliance aroused her more.

After drying off with her Egyptian towels, the owned teacher went about styling her hair as was required and now a daily regimen for her. Next Summer applied her make-up in a manner that was acceptable to the school, but bordered on the make-up of a slut by paying particular attention to her eyes applying the right amount of eye shadow, lining her eyebrows to give her eyes a piercing allure and then applying the right amount of Rouge to highlight her high cheekbones. The teacher's final touch was the bright red fuck me now lipstick that she only wore these days. The lipstick was the same bright red as was the color of the extensions of her finger nails. She hated the length of the nails as they made applying make-up, doing most things with her hands difficult and she had found that the extensions made if more than difficult to use her fingertips when rubbing her clit recently. Another frustrating thing her young master had done to her.

Summer walked into her closet to decide what she would wear as the chaperone for the dance at the school gym. It was early in the football season for Homecoming, so she would have to find something suitable for fall, but not too hot as the gym air conditioning did not work as well as it should for large events. As she stepped into her closet, the teacher saw her silk, green, wrap around dress hanging prominently on a hanger. She had forgotten about the dress and was taken aback by it hanging so prominently in her closet. She also saw a black silk bag hanging from the dress hanger. Then she saw the envelope pinned to the dress and knew right away that it was from her young master. The teacher was sure that it was going to lead to more degradation for her.

Summer opened the envelope and removed the folded paper:

Slut,

I hope you like my choice for you tonight. It is just the right dress to show off your best assets. You are to where only what is included in the bag along with this dress. Pair these items with your black open toed six inch heels that you and I bought for you when we visited Dan at the shoe store. Bring your slut collar, leash, pink butt plug and your vibrating egg. You are to meet me in your classroom promptly at 8:30 PM. You are to be on your hands and knees on top of your desk fully clothed.

See you at 8:30.

Master

Summer balled the note up, threw it on the floor and hung her head. There was no sense in putting off the inevitable. It was already 8:00 PM and she had to get dressed, drive to the school, sneak into the building that housed the classrooms and then make her way up to the second floor where her classroom was. Hesitantly, the trapped teacher took the black silk bag from the dress hanger.

Summer opened the bag and emptied the contents onto the island in her closet. Her thoughtful young master had included the brightest hot pink panty and shelf bra set she had been given by her absent husband. He had never seen her in it and she had buried it deep in her lingerie drawer having never thought to wear the set. Also included in the bag, was a matching hot pink garter belt and light, back seamed beige hose with dark toe and heal reinforcements. Summer saw the six inch heels standing alone in her closet and immediately realized why her young master had selected the beige hose. Her toes would be clearly visible in the shoes as would the dark reinforcements. It would be clear to almost everyone at the dance that she was wearing hose and not panty hose further adding slight humiliating glances from her peers as well as observant students.

Summer pulled on the pink thong and felt it wedge between her pussy lips and her ass crack. She tried to adjust it so that it covered her pussy lips and piercings, but she remembered why she had not worn it out before as the small patch of material called the crotch was too small to offer coverage of her lips so her piercings along with her clean shaven pussy lips were fully exposed. The material was pulled tightly against her clit piercing and she felt a tingle as she tried to maneuver the material to offer some coverage.

Next, the teacher picked up the hot pink shelf bra and looked at it closely. She noticed that the cup size was a B while her normal bras were C cups. Her husband had tried to buy something sexy, but he had not taken the time to buy the right size for his wife. She slipped her arms into the hot pink shelf bra with the front clasp. It had a deep plunge and the smaller cup size forced her breasts together making the twin butterfly tattoos almost kiss. She stood in her closet looking at herself in her full length mirror and she was struck how utterly wanton she looked with the hot pink lingerie as well as her streaked and jagged hair style, her over the top make-up and the red hot lipstick that matched the nail polish of her fingers as well as her toes.

The reflection in the mirror caught the owned teacher off guard. With the hot pink lingerie on, her tattoos and piercings were more enhanced. The blue butterfly tattoos seemed larger in the small cup shelf bra. The rose tattoo seemed to extend even longer up to her abdomen. The rose petals were barely hidden inside the front of the thong, but the long stem protruded even more prominently. Summer also played with the belly button piercing tapping the silver "T" further admitting to her owned status.

Summer picked up the hot pink, matching garter belt and fastened it around her waist. She slipped the four fasteners through her matching pink thong so that the clasps were arranged should she need to pull her panties down and or off, the garter belt as well as her hose would still be in place. Next, the teacher slipped the elegant, silky beige hose up her right leg. She rested her foot on the padded bench in her closet and then snapped the front clasp in place. She had to contort her body slightly to be able to hold the clasp and slip the lace top of the hose inside the back clasp. Once the hose on her right leg was securely fastened to the pink garter belt, Summer repeated the process for her left leg. Once again, Summer looked at herself in her mirror, which framed the pierced and tattooed teacher as a wanton slave to her high school master.

Without thinking, the teacher slipped her feet into the black six inch, open toed high heel shoes. She then realized that the shoes had ankle straps so she had to place her foot on the padded bench in order to clasp them snuggly. Once this was accomplished, Summer again looked at herself in the mirror. As she looked at herself in the full length mirror, Summer felt herself start to get that now familiar yearning in the pit of her stomach and she felt moisture between her legs. She was pleasantly surprised when she ran her right hand down her abdomen, inside her panties to discover that she was indeed wet. She also could see a small, but prominent wet spot appeared in the thin material of the crotch of the pink thong.

Even though her new finger nail extensions made it more difficult to use her finger tips on her clit, she found it somewhat more stimulating to use the tips of her extensions to flick her clit piercing. Slowly, the teacher was able to find a compatible way to stroke her clit by sliding her fingers up and down her now soaking slit. Instead of using her other hand to pull and twist her pierced nipples, Summer slid the panties over her hips and then placed two fingers inside her pussy and worked both hands in unison as her needed orgasm approached.

Almost unconsciously, the teacher leaned against the closet dressing island and furiously rubbed her clit as she fucked her fingers into her pussy. Summer was lost in lust as she watched herself in the mirror dressed in her hot pink lingerie, hose and ankle strap heels. Summer watched her fingers stroke and play with her clit piercing. She was finding it quite pleasurable, but also degrading to have her clit pierced. As her fingers continued to be fucked in and out of her pussy, the teacher could feel herself drawing ever closer to her orgasm.

Summer stood straight up, spread her legs as wide as was possible, threw her head back and rubbed her pussy for all she was worth. As her orgasm hit her, she was lucky that she was standing next to the closet island as the orgasm exploded and almost made Summer collapse to the floor.

After recovering from the orgasm, unconsciously, the owned teacher wiped her pussy juices from her fingers above her lips, between her breasts and on both sides of her neck. Summer did not even realize she had done this as this action was now automatic in its way of showing submission and compliance to her young master.

After straightening the pink thong, the teacher turned so that her back was to the mirror and she craned her neck so that she could see her Screaming Eagle tattoo permanently etched onto her skin. The talons of the eagle rested between her ass cheeks as the wingspan went across Summer's back with the head resting mid-lower back. Summer pulled the hair up and away from her neck to reveal the MT designed tattoo permanently inked just below her hair line. She was hopeful that she would always be able to wear her trimmed and newly styled hair down, but the owned teacher knew that that was a foolish thought.

Summer took the green wrap around dress off of its hanger and slipped it around her body. She pulled the tie straps around to her left hip and then tied it as tightly as she could. The owned teacher was now subconscious about the dress as she remembered how her husband James had loosened the dress on an earlier evening and watched as her breasts slowly became more visible as she moved around the dance floor. Summer had been glad that the dress had a snap clasp to hold the front of the dress in place.

Summer reached to snap the clasp and was horrified that the clasp had been removed. The snap clasp was gone, but the stitching that had held each piece in place were still found in the fabric. As Summer looked at herself in the mirror, she noticed two things. First, her breasts were going to be very visible and there would be no way to fully hide her tattoos. Secondly, it was obvious that the dress had been shortened as the hemline was now three inches above her knees when standing when it originally had been mid-calf in length. The teacher, while looking at herself in the mirror grabbed the sides of the dress and started raising the hemline and she shook her head as she saw that almost any movement would cause the hemline to raise up to the lace tops of her hose not only showing the lace but also revealing the hot pink fasteners of her garter belt.

Summer released the dress and then turned once more to the closet island. Summer noticed the silver necklace laying there. Apparently it had been covered by the contents of the black silk bag and she had missed it. The necklace was thin gauge silver and was adorned with a silver T. "He wants everyone to know I am owned," Summer mumbled to herself.

Summer unclasped the necklace and then raised it up so that she could fasten it around her neck. After some effort, the owned teacher was able to clasp the necklace and she let it drop into place. The length of the necklace allowed the T adornment to fall into the pressed cleavage of her breasts. She knew that everyone's eyes would be drawn to the T, which would then further draw attention to her cleavage as well as the butterfly tattoos that now adorned each of her breasts. Summer looked at herself in the mirror and immediately knew that her evening as a chaperone had been planned out in detail by her young master with yet unknown degradations to which she would suffer.

Summer strode out of her closet, picked up her purse, went to her "secret" drawer and retrieved her pink butt plug, her rhinestone slut collar, her slut leash and the black vibrating egg. The teacher placed each of her slut items into her purse and turned to leave the bedroom without closing the drawer, picking up the balled up note from her young master, her cum stained clothes remained where they fell and leaving all the lights on in her room.

Summer was in a state of extreme compliance and concern. She knew that her young master had planned a humiliating evening at the Homecoming Dance and yet, the tormented teacher had no choice but to go to learn her fate. But, her body was on stimulation over drive as the hot pink lingerie combined with the altered green wraparound dress made her feel especially wanton.

Summer had trouble navigating her wooden stairs as she made her way down to the kitchen. The house was quiet as both of her sons, Jacob and Kevin, along with their friend from college, Justin, were all at the football game. It was now almost 8:10 PM and Summer had to be in her classroom by 8:30 PM. Her drive was only twenty minutes, so she poured herself a glass of wine and drank it is two gulps.

The warm fall breeze flowing through the Summer's hair felt good as she drove to the high school. It was a small respite of time alone prior to her submission and degradation at the hands of her high school master. She knew that she had to find a way to end the submission, but she had not yet determined exactly how to extricate herself from Todd Spiller's control. And, yet her body was almost always on a high alert of arousal at just the thought of submitting and complying with the demands of her young master.

Summer parked her car in the first available space she could find as parking was limited because of the home football game. The lot was on the other side of the school away from the stadium, but Summer could hear the roars coming from there. Summer was able to find a spot in the middle of the lot under one of the light pole stations. The light from the pole illuminated the teacher in her convertible BMW. Summer looked down to see that the dress had worked its way open and she could easily see the lace tops of her hose, the hot pink clasp of her garter belt as well as her panty covered pussy. "How am I going to be able to conceal what I have on during the dance," the teacher wondered to herself.

Unsteadily on her black six inch heels, Summer made her way across the parking lot. She knew that the door on that side of the building would be locked, but that the alarm system would not be on due to the football game. The teacher knew her key would work the lock, but that she would then have to make her way down a long corridor to the back steps to reach her classroom on the second floor.

Summer's key did in fact work the lock and she was able to open the door without any problem. Now for the walk down the darkened corridor. It was unnerving to the teacher as the only sound she heard, outside of the muffled crowd noise from the stadium, was the clicking of her heels. Summer had to walk slowly and cautiously as she had never worn such high heels before. She sort of shuffled down the corridor clinching her ass cheeks as she walked.

Summer, to her relief, finally reached the door to the stairwell. She opened the door and stepped inside. When her heels hit the first step, the teacher was startled by the sound of a door closing in the stairwell above her. Summer stopped on the first step and listened. There was no noise coming from above, so the teacher figured that whoever had closed the door had been going up the stairs prior to her.

Summer then made the climb up the stairs to the second floor. She felt the hemline of her dress swish back and forth as each foot landed on a step. Summer held the guard rail for balance, but more than anything to steady herself as she contemplated her fate tonight.

As her feet hit the landing for the second floor, Summer paused to catch her breathe. She did not realize how difficult it was to walk in such high heels. She wondered to herself how strippers could walk the catwalk and dance at the same time. Summer reached for the door latch to enter the second floor hallway. She listened briefly and did not hear any noise coming from the second floor area so she made her way through the door and then walked as briskly as she could down the hallway to her room.

Once at her door, Summer steadied herself for the inevitable humiliation that awaited her.

As Summer opened the door to her classroom, she found her young master sitting in her chair. Master T's face indicated that he was mad.

"Why are you late slut," Todd asked.

"Master T, I am not late. It is 8:30 on the dot," Summer replied.

"Slut, I told you to be on your hands and knees on your desk at 8:30 PM," Todd replied.

"I am so sorry Master T. I misunderstood your directions," Summer responded.

"Drop your bags and get your ass over to your desk right now," Todd said as he slapped the desktop with Summer's yardstick.

Summer started to lock the door to the classroom, "Leave the fucking door alone slut," Todd said quite angrily.

"Please Master T. Let me please lock the door to the classroom. I cannot be discovered, PLEASE," the owned teacher pleaded.

"Strip your dress off right now slut and I will allow you to lock the door," Todd replied.

The teacher dropped her purse, untied the side knot of the green dress and let it fall off of her shoulders until it became a pool around her black high heels. "May I lock the door now Master T," Summer asked.

"Turn around and face me slut then you can strip your bra and panties off too slut for being extra late," Todd replied.

The owned teacher, hoping to be able to lock the door to her classroom, knew she had no other choice but to comply with her young master's orders.

Summer turned to face her young master and asked, "May I strip for you Master T?"

"Now slut," Todd replied becoming angrier by the minute.

The teacher reached behind her back and fumbled with the clasp of her one cup size too small bra. Summer was able to unfasten the bra and slid the straps from her shoulders. The pink bra joined her green dress on the floor at her feet.

"Now turn around, bend over at the waist and take your slut thong off," Todd ordered.

Summer spun on her black heels, bent at the waist, hooked her thumbs in the thin waist band straps of the thon and pulled it down her legs. The thong stopped between the teacher's ankles as they were caught by the straps of her black heels.

"Leave your thong where it is, place your hands on your ass cheeks spread them and then spread your legs slut," Todd ordered.

Sliding her toes outward followed by her heels, the bent over teacher was successful in spreading her feet until the pink thong prevented her going any further. Summer's hands pulled at her ass cheeks knowing that in this position, her young master would be able to detect moisture on the pierced lips of her pussy as well as the opening to her dark passageway that was becoming more stretched every day.

Todd let his slave stay in this position for a full five minutes. Summer's thighs began to 

Summer felt her thighs and calves begin to tighten. The position as well as the angle of her feet captured in the black heels was increasing the stress on the teacher's legs. Summer could only stay in that position until she was told otherwise.

Todd was enjoying the power he held over this senior English teacher. He remembered the very first time he communicated with her on the chat line and then the night she sent her fateful picture. Summer did not know, but that picture was always the first one Todd went to before beginning any session with his owned teacher.

"Stand up and put your hands against the door slut," Todd ordered.

Summer did as instructed thankful that the window blinds had been closed. Todd walked up behind the teacher and clasped the rhinestone collar around his slut teacher's neck. He then fastened the leash to the collar and let it lay down the teacher's back.

"Alright slut, you may lock the door and then come lay across your desk," Todd directed.

Summer thankfully, stretched her back and legs then quickly locked the classroom door. Thankfully, the indoor inserted blinds were closed so no one could see in when they were closed properly.

Summer made her way over to her desk with her panties still around her ankles. Todd smiled as he watched his slut teacher struggle to reach the desk. Once his teacher reached her desk he said, "Take one foot out of your slut thong and then stand beside the desk," Todd directed.

Summer gladly and quickly pulled her right foot out of the panty. Summer then leaned against her desk awaiting further instructions.

"Spread your ass cheeks," Summer heard from behind.

Summer spread her cheeks as instructed and was met with a flash of her young master's camera. "Pull those cheeks further apart slut and put a finger in your ass," Todd ordered.

The humiliating act of responding to verbal instructions from a dominant person was once again having the effect on the teacher that made her more compliant. She had realized over the course of the past three weeks, that her body and mind reacted to humiliation and degradation in ways she had never thought possible.

As the teacher's finger slowly made its way into her ass, Summer could feel her sphincter muscles try to at first refuse entry, but then with added pressure the muscles relented and began to grip her finger. Summer was once again surprised by the flash of her young master's camera.

"Now for the money shot slut. Turn your head around and look at me," Todd ordered.

Summer knew what this meant, but what other choice did she have. Summer spun her shoulders and head around as she continued to push her finger into her ass. "That is it slut, smile that slutty smile for me," Todd ordered.

Summer had barely smiled when her eyes were met with multiple flashes from her young master's camera.

"Ok slut, bend over your desk. It is time for your punishment for being late to your servitude session," Todd ordered.

Summer knew that there was no reason to try and negotiate over her assumed tardiness. She figured that she would have been punished for some other infraction so she just complied with her young master's direction and laid across her desk.

"Stretch your arms straight out in front of you slut and spread those legs," Todd ordered.

Summer did as she was told and spread her legs as wide as she could feeling the incline of the black six inch heels stretching her calf muscles as well as the back of her legs. Summer then reached forward and was able to put her finger tips on the other edge of her teacher desk. The hard wood top pressed against her pierced nipples and cut into her upper thighs.

Summer stayed in that position as she heard her young master opening his back pack. She watched in dismay as her Master T set up a tripod right in front of her with his camera already attached. Todd got behind the camera and then adjusted the lens to fully capture his slut teacher's face.

Todd grabbed the leash and pulled it tightly so that Summer's neck was pulled forward. Todd took the leash and fastened it to one of the legs of the desk.

Todd walked behind his slut teacher and with one of the two bungie straps, he quickly and tightly secured each of his teacher's ankles to the feet of the desk. Summer tried to make the binding more comfortable, but she was held completely in place with her legs spread wide and her feet enclosed by the straps of her black six inch heels.

Todd walked back in front of his prone teacher, grabbed Summer's right wrist and quickly place the knotted rope around it and then secured it to the leg on the desk. Todd repeated this action on Summer's right wrist and now his slut teacher was bound to her desk until such time as he decided to free her.

Summer was once again bound by her young master with a camera in her face set to record her every humiliation and degradation in her own classroom. However, Summer felt the telltale signs that her body was once again betraying her as she felt wetness in her pussy and she could feel it slipping out on to her pierced pussy lips as well as her pierced clit.

Todd for his part, just stood behind his prize and admired the situation. He could easily make out the moisture beginning to drip from his teacher's pussy. He could see the ring piercings in each pussy lip as well as the bar bell stud piercing of her clit. He was particularly pleased with the size and dimensions of the Screaming Eagle tattoo that had been permanently inked into his slut teacher's back. He was looking forward to the occasion when Marcos would fill in the blank spaces of the black outline tattoo.

But a quick glance at the class room clock brought Todd back to the now and what his next usage of the prone teacher would be. He once again picked up the yard stick and stood menacingly to the side of his teacher.

"Slut, when I say be on your desk at 8:30 PM sharp, I mean full compliance," Todd said.

Before she could offer a reply, her ass screamed in pain as the yardstick was applied across both of Summer's ass cheeks. Todd continued his punishment of his teacher's ass until her whole ass was a bright red.

"Now slut, will you be on time next time," Todd asked.

"Yes Master T," was all the bound teacher could muster.

Summer watched as her young master walked in front of her, got behind the camera one more time and then said, "Slut, when I turn this camera on and you see the red light, I want you to look directly into the camera and beg me to fuck you. If you don't, I will take the yard stick to you again, only this time, I will start at your shoulders and go all the way down to your feet until you agree to do so. Do you understand slut," Todd said.

Summer paused only slightly, thought momentarily and then replied, "Yes Master T."

What other choice do I have Summer said to herself? She was bound to her desk, her pussy was sopping wet and her ass stung from the punishment she had received for being five minutes late.

Summer watched the camera and when the light came on, she looked directly at her young master and said, "Master T, please fuck me. I need your cock badly."

"Where are we right now slut," Todd asked.

"Master T, we are in my classroom, you put my slut collar on, attached my slut leash and you have tied me to my desk," Summer replied.

"Where do you want me to fuck you my slut," Todd asked.

"Anywhere you want to Master T," came the teacher's reply.

Once again looking at the clock, noticed that he did not have a lot of time. He had to have things set up by 10:15 PM for his slut. He had 10 cocks lined up to be sucked by his teacher slut. He was paying back favors.

Todd walked behind his teacher slut and saw her pussy was leaking her juices and there were drops on the floor between her bound feet. He smiled as he pressed the head of his cock into his slut's pussy to lubricate it. He fancied fucking the teacher's ass tonight as she will be using her pussy later on the Sybian in the gloryhole he would be setting up for her.

As her young master's cock slid into her pussy, Summer let out a low moan. She was turned on by all of the humiliation as well as the punishment. Her body was in need of an orgasm and her young master's cock would take her there she knew.

Todd watched his cock as it slid easily into the teacher's pussy. A couple of thrusts and his cock was sufficiently lubricated to insert into the teacher's ass. Todd did a rapid fire fuck in and out of Summer's ass and heard a louder moan. "Look at the camera while I fuck you slut," Todd ordered.

Summer placed her chin on the hard wooden top of her desk and looked directly at the camera. She could not hide her need to be fucked and the pleasure her young master's cock was giving to her. And then, his cock was gone.

"Master T, please put your cock back in my pussy," the teacher pleaded.

"Don't worry slut, I am going to give you my cock, but not in your pierced pussy. I am going to fuck that gorgeous ass of yours," replied the young master.

Summer felt the tip of Master T's cock pressing against her asshole when she felt a drip of spit land just above her asshole. Todd rubbed his cock head in his spit and then inserted his cock head into the bound teacher's ass. Slowly he began pushing his cock into the teacher's dark tunnel. Todd raised up on his tip toes to get a more direct line into the teacher's ass.

"Oh God Master T it hurts. Please fuck my pussy," Summer begged.

"Shut up slut and take my cock up your ass. Let me hear you beg me to fuck your ass," Todd commanded.

"Oh please Master T, fuck my ass. Drive your cock into me," Summer complied.

Todd pushed harder against the tightened sphincter muscles of his teacher's ass. He pulled his cock all the way out and then slammed it full force back into the teacher's ass. He once again pulled his cock all the way out and looked down to see Summer's ass hole gaping open. He slid his cock head forward and forced his cock, all eight inches, all the way inside Summer's ass.

When Summer felt her young master's balls slap against her pierced clit, her body erupted in orgasm. The shear act of being degraded by a high school senior in her own classroom while collared and bound to her desk sent the teacher over the edge. She moaned and said, "Oh God Master T, please fuck me."

Todd settled in to a quick rhythm as he sawed his cock almost out of and then back deep into his teacher's ass. He was nearing orgasm, but he wanted to record another orgasm of his slut. He reached up and untied the teacher's right hand and said, "Slut, slip your hand down to your clit and with those new finger nails, bring yourself off while I fuck your ass."

Todd buried his cock deep into the bound teacher's ass. He leaned down pressing his ball against her and Summer could feel her young master's pubic hair in her ass crack.

"Slut, tonight at 10:15 PM you will excuse yourself from the dance and meet me in the custodian office promptly at 10:20 PM," Todd told his helpless teacher. Continuing, "Slut you will be helping me repay some favors by taking 10 cocks down your throat. It will be an anonymous payment as no one will see your face, but you will comply with my directions and suck some of my friend's cocks. Do you understand slut," Todd said as he once again began to rhythmically begin fucking his eight inch cock in and out of Summer's ass.

Summer could not reply as the pounding her ass was taking was bringing her ever closer to the orgasm she needed. No matter what she was made to do tonight, she needed the orgasm. Todd increased the speed of his thrusts into his slut teacher's ass.

"Look at the camera slut and tell me what you will do for me tonight," Todd said.

Looking directly at the red light of the video camera, Summer almost to the edge for the required orgasm said, "Master T, I will suck all the cocks you want me too. But please, let me cum now."

Todd leaned forward again and slammed his cock as deep as he could into his slut teacher's ass. He leaned forward and untied Summer's right hand and said, "Slide you hand down to your clit and play with it while I fuck your ass."

Even with Todd's weight on her back, Summer was able to snake her right hand down along her body and the wood desk top and finally found her erect, pierced clit. As Todd continued to pound her ass, Summer was able to match his thrusts with her fingers on her clit. As Todd sped up his assault on the bound teacher's ass, Summer continued to her assault on her pierced clit.

Todd leaned in once again and groaned, "Feel my hot cum in your ass slut."

Todd gushed cum deep into his slut teacher's ass and kept his cock buried inside her as she continued to play with her clit. Todd slowly began to remove his cock from Summer's ass. He could feel her sphincter muscles squeeze and try to hold him inside. As his cock slide out of the dark hole, he was pleased to see a stream of his cum had followed his cock head and the teacher's ass hole was gaped open as a result of his just finished assault.

Todd walked around to the other side of the desk where Summer rested her chin on the wood top as she continued to look into the camera. Her face was contorted as she played with her clit while still bound to the desk.

"Open your mouth slut and clean my cock," Todd ordered.

Todd stood just to the side and watched as his slut teacher stretched her head outward and upward to reach his cock. Todd held his still semi-hard cock and offered it to Summer's waiting mouth.

As Summer took the soiled cock into her mouth, she was overcome with desire to cum. She renewed her assault on her own clit and the piercing. She began to fuck her hips, as best she could against the desk and her finger. Todd started to fuck his cock in and out of the teacher's mouth all the while being captured by the video camera.

Todd could hear slurping coming from his teacher's mouth as well as from her sopping wet pussy. He knew she was getting very close to the orgasm she needed. He, however, was not inclined to let her have one just yet. "Stop playing with your pussy slut," Todd ordered.

Summer pulled her mouth off of her young master's cock, looked up and begged, "Please Master T, let me cum."

"What will you do for me if I give you permission to cum slut," Todd replied.

Summer stopped playing with her clit, but did not remove her fingers from her clit. She looked straight up at the camera and said, "Master T, I will wo whatever you tell me to tonight. I will suck the ten cocks as you have arranged and I will not disappoint you."

"Open your mouth wide slut and let the camera see where the cocks will go tonight," Todd ordered.

Summer in desperate need to cum quickly complied. Todd then inserted the pink butt plug that he had retrieved from Summer's purse. "Now stroke your clit until you cum slut," Todd ordered.

Todd stood behind the camera as he watched the teacher writhe on her own desk with her pink butt plug jammed into her throat. Summer kept her eyes on the camera and she could also see her young master zipping up his pants. "Cum slut," Todd ordered.

Like a bolt of lightning, Summer's body erupted in orgasm. She saw flashes of light and just assumed that her young master was taking pictures again, but the teacher did not care as her body was overcome with the orgasm. Sometime after that, Summer passed out.

The still bound teacher woke up with a start. She then felt the bindings on her left wrist and both of her legs as she was still bent over her desk with her right hand still manipulating her pierced clit. Her collar and leash were still in place securing her head down onto her desk. Summer began to rub her clit furiously again and brought herself to another orgasm. That is when she realized that she was alone in her classroom and the video camera as well as her young master were no longer there.

Then Summer was horrified to see that the classroom door was shut, but all the lights in her classroom were on and her body was illuminated there bound to her desk.

Todd planned to leave her that way. The teacher passing out only made his getaway that much more fun. He knew that Summer would be able to loosen her bindings once she stopped playing with her clit. He noted that the teacher needed to cum most all of the time. Bill Fraser had said that Summer was the type of submissive, once released, would be totally committed to serving, pleasing and submitting to dominant men as well as some dominant women.

After Summer composed herself, she struggled, but was able to untie her left hand. The teacher unclasped the leash from her collar. She stood back up, but her legs were pressed to the side of her desk with each ankle still bound to the legs of the desk. Summer had to lower herself carefully until she could hold onto the desk with one hand and then use the other to untie that leg. She repeated this process until both ankles were released. Summer's feet were still bound in the six inch black heels by the ankle strap. Summer then noticed a feeling in her ass and she touched herself. Her young master had inserted a plug in her ass. She was facing the blackboard when she saw the note on her classroom blackboard. Then she felt fullness in her pussy and realized that her young master had also inserted the black vibrating egg into her pussy.

Slut,

You did well tonight so far. Remember to be in the Custodian's office at 10:20 PM. I will meet you there. Keep the pink butt plug inserted in your ass so that my cum will not run down your legs. I will send you little reminders at the dance to your pussy.

Master T.

Summer looked at the classroom clock and was shaken to see that it was 9:00 PM. She had to get dressed, get down to the gym to make an appearance, slip out of the gym, and get down to the custodian office by 10:20 PM without attracting any attention.

Dressed, Summer almost ran down the stairs to the first floor and down the corridor to the gym entrance. She walked through the door and made her way to the group of chaperones standing at the entrance to the gym. She saw them all look at her concentrating on her breasts as they were pressed together by the too small bra and the wrap around dress that only heightened the exposure of the teacher.

Principal Harding was the first to comment, "My Ms. Wayne you look like you are ready to party!" The principal said that without looking Summer in the eyes as his were fixated on the two blue butterfly tattoos kissing one another in the cleavage of the teacher's breasts.

Several parents complimented Summer on her green dress and hair. But, the eyes of Sandra Wilson, Melanie Hart's mother, bore straight through the teacher. She gave Summer the look of disgust and returned to her conversation with two other women by turning her back to the teacher.

The men gathered around Summer and occupied her with idle conversation as they continued to gaze down the front of her dress. One man asked, "That is a nice necklace. What is the significance of the "T"?"

Summer paused to calm her nerves. She replied, "It is from my husband James. The T represents my role as a teacher." Summer knew that the answer was barely acceptable to the group of men. They had closed ranks around her with elbows touching her arms. The men could make out the teacher's nipples poking at the green fabric of the dress. Principal Harding, standing right in front of Summer, could easily make out the details of the piercings in each of his English teacher's nipples. His thoughts wondered off to the annual retreat that will take place during the school year for the administration and department heads. The T of the necklace lay prominently between the teacher's blue butterfly tattoos.

"Well, I have to leave you all right now. I have to get back to the game as we are leading with about five minutes left in the game. You guys make sure Ms. Wayne is looked after," Principal Harding said as he left the group.

Summer was once again engaged in conversations with the three remaining men, all parents that had been hooked into being a chaperone by their wives. Summer enjoyed the adult banter and did not really mind the attention from the men as she felt that it was harmless. The teacher caught herself continually pulling her shoulders back which forced her breasts outward, further stretching the material of her dress across her erect and pierced nipples.

Summer felt a strong grip on her arm and felt a tug. She turned toward the tug and looked directly into the eyes of Sandra Wilson. Sandra was married very well in the community and basically ran the PTA of the school. Summer had had a small run in with Sandra over grades given to her daughter Melanie Hart. Sandra had remarried after divorcing Melanie's father.

"Ms. Wayne can I speak with you for a moment," Sandra said to Summer as she pulled her forcefully away from the men.

Summer followed the strong grip and was lead around the corner to where the gymnasium seats had been retracted to make room for the dance. "Why are you dressed that way Ms. Wayne? You know that is not proper attire for a chaperone and more importantly it is not proper attire for a teacher at this school," Sandra hissed at Summer.

"Ms. Wilson, I am well within the dress guidelines for the school," Summer replied.

"Where does it say that you should flash your tattooed breasts and pierced nipples for all to see Ms. Wayne," Sandra Wilson angrily replied.

"Well Ms. Wilson, I am sorry that you do not agree with what I am wearing. But, I do not report to you," Summer said.

"Ms. Wayne, we will see about that," Sandra Wilson said in a huff as she walked away from the teacher.

Summer was now standing alone near the dance floor with no one to talk to at this point. She noticed that the group of men that she had been talking to had dispersed and were not glancing her way. Summer thought it would be a good time to get off of her feet and rest up for whatever degradation her young master had in store for her later that evening.

Summer walked around the gym floor until she noticed a folding chair leaning against the retracted seats. She opened the chair and plopped down. But, once she sat down, she saw that her dress gaped open and she had to quickly cover up the lace tops of her hose as well as the pink fasteners of her garter belt.

Nothing much happened as the game dragged on for a bit, but eventually, students began to file into the gymnasium. The DJ had not started up his music, so the students milled around the refreshment tables sipping the punch and nibbling on the snacks prepared by the Homecoming committee.

Summer had gotten up out of the chair and had been walking around the gym floor. She was scoping out the best escape route for her quick trip to the custodian's office. It was 10:00 PM and she knew it would take her about five minutes to sneak to the office.

Summer was suddenly grabbed from behind by her son Kevin. He was accompanied by a girl that she did not know. Kevin introduced Cindy to his mom. "Mom, this is Cindy. She is a friend from college. She is home this week too and we just hooked up for the game and dance," Kevin said.

"Very nice to meet you Cindy," Summer replied.

"Nice dress Mom. When did you get your tattoos," Kevin asked.

"Oh, I have had them a while. A wild hair I guess you could say," Summer replied.

"Well they look amazing as well as that dress you have on. Dad better come back soon," Kevin said with a laugh.

"Humph, he is not back until the first week of November. I am missing him a lot," Summer replied.

"I am sure he is missing you too mom. Well, I have got to run and find Justin to make sure that Melanie has not gotten him into too much trouble," Kevin said.

As they walked away, Cindy said, "Your mom sure is hot with her nipple piercings and tattoos."

Kevin grumbled a bit at the observation that Cindy had made. He had thought he had noticed the piercings, but leave it to another woman to make the accurate determination.

Summer next encountered Terry and his friends, Mike, Scott and Jeff. The four boys sort of surrounded the senior English teacher. All were juniors and were looking forward to senior English. Summer could not help but see the boy's eyes as they gazed at her breasts adorned with the butterfly tattoos as well as the long chain necklace with the large T.

The music had been loud and fast, but suddenly changed to a slow son. Terry grabbed the teacher's hand and said, "Dance with me Ms. Wayne."

Terry did not give the teacher much choice as he strongly pulled her to the gym floor off to the side where most of the people were dancing. Summer was concerned about the statement she was making with respect to a young boy dancing with her dressed as she was, but she really had no choice at the moment.

Terry slowly drew the teacher closer each time they circled to the music. Finally, he was able to rest his hands on the teacher's lower back pulling her towards him. Summer, when pressed against Terry, felt his hard cock pressing against her pubic area. She tried to push away, but Terry was quite strong.

Terry's hand rested on the waist strap of the teacher's garter belt. He could feel the teacher's breasts pressing against his light weight shirt. He could feel her nipples enhanced by the piercings. Terry slowly fucked his hips toward the teacher and was really getting off on being so close to her.

Fortunately, to Summer's relief, the music stopped and then changed to some Rap song. Summer thanked Terry for the delightful dance and then made her way back towards the other side of the gym.

Summer decided it was time to move towards her escape route and she did not want to be late again. Her ass still hurt from the spanking that her young master had administered earlier. On the way out of the door, Summer decided that she should use the restroom just in case she was not offered the opportunity later.

She slowly opened the door to the girl's locker room and walked across the tile floor until she reached the line of stalls. She walked to the far end to ensure some privacy and she locked the stall door behind her.

Summer hiked up her dress and pulled her pink thong down to her knees as she sat down on the commode. Summer had to use the sphincter muscles to make sure that her pink butt plug did not slip out. Also she had to grasp the black vibrating egg to make sure that it did not plop into the bowl of the commode. As she was finishing her business, the teacher was startled by voices of young girls coming into the locker room. She heard the footsteps as they made their way to the same stall area.

"Did you see Ms. Wayne's dress and her butterfly tattoos on each of her breast," Summer heard Cindy say.

"No I have not yet. Are they good looking or slutty," Summer heard Melanie Hart say.

"Oh they are pretty hot. They look like they are kissing because she must be wearing a bra that is too small for her as it is pressing her tits together. I think she does look a bit slutty, but I would never say that to Kevin," Cindy replied.

Summer had pressed her toes against the door of her stall so that no one would know that she was occupying that stall. She was very worried that she might make a sound and be discovered by Melanie and there was no telling what she might make her do there in the girl's locker room.

Summer heard two flushes and then listened as the two girls giggled and talked about the dance. She thought she heard Melanie say that Justin was hot and that she looked forward to taking his cock. Cindy just giggled and told Melanie that she was so bad.

Summer kept her feet up until she heard the door to the locker room close. She quickly stood up, pulled her panties into place, flushed the commode and made her way to the lavatory. She quickly freshened her make-up and then washed her hands. The teacher noticed that her hands were trembling.

Summer's trip across the tile floor of the locker room was a delicate one. She needed to get out there fast, but she did not want to make much noise either. Finally she reached the opposite door from the one that Melanie and Cindy exited. Summer opened the door slightly, looked both ways down the corridor and then bolted out the door. She turned left away from the gym and walked the 150 or so feet to the door to the custodian's office. Summer did not knock and just went inside.

Todd was waiting patiently for his slut teacher. He knew that she would not dare be late after the punishment that she had received earlier in the evening. Todd was pleased that his teacher arrived five minutes early. That would give him all the time he needed to get her prepared for the 45 minutes he had scheduled for the 10 blow jobs.

"You look great slut," Todd said as the owned teacher closed the door.

"Thank you Master T," Summer replied.

"Ok slut, take off your dress, bra and panties," Todd ordered.

"Yes Master T," Summer replied.

Todd watched as the teacher walked across the office floor and stopped at the custodian's desk. Summer remembered being fucked by the janitor over that very desk. Summer untied the side strips of her green wraparound dress. Without the middle snap, the dress fell from her shoulders. Summer draped the dress over the back of the desk chair. While looking directly at her young master, the owned teacher reached up between her breasts and quickly unclasped the pink shelf bra. It too joined her dress on the back of the desk chair.

"Ok slut, turn around and bend over to take your thong off," Todd ordered.

Summer did not argue or hesitate. She knew her only salvation was to comply with her young master's directions in the hope that he would limit the amount of degradation he had in mind for her tonight. Summer had turned around, pressed her thighs together, bent over at the waist and drew the thin straps of her pink thong down her legs until they were pooled around her ankles held in place by the straps of her six inch black pumps. Summer remained in this position waiting for her next instructions.

Summer felt the vibrating egg jump to life and it sent waves of pleasure through the teacher's body. The egg was vibrating deep inside her pussy and was rubbing up against the pink butt plug buried just as deep in her ass. The thin membrane that separated her two fuck holes was what kept the devices from physically touching.

"Spread your legs as wide as you can slut and rub that pierced clit of yours," Todd ordered.

Summer slid her feet outward as far as her pink thong would allow. She placed her left hand on the desk and with right hand, the teacher began to stroke her fully erect, pierced clit. Todd increased the intensity of the vibrating egg as he walked up behind his slut teacher. He grabbed the base of the pink butt plug and began sawing in and out of the teacher's ass.

This increased stimulation brought Summer to the orgasm her body craved.

"Ok slut, go into the closet there and kneel down onto they Sybian that you see facing the door. You will note the two black dildos protruding from the Sybian. These you will insert them into your pussy and ass as you sit down onto the Sybian. They are electronically controlled, so I will make sure that you gain an orgasm for each blow job that you give," Todd said.

Summer paused ever so slightly and heard, "What are you waiting on slut?"

"Master T, everyone will know who I am in that position," the owned teacher replied.

"Slut, you have to trust your master that he will take care of you," was Todd's reply.

Summer walked into the custodial closet, turned around to face the door and asked, "What do I do with my butt plug and vibrating egg Master T?"

"Take them both out and give them to me slut," Todd replied.

Summer fished the receiving string of the vibrating and pulled it out. The string was coated with her juices as well as the egg itself. Summer then grasped the base of her pink butt plug and pulled it out with a plop. Hoping to keep her asshole stretched, Summer quickly knelt down on her knees, grabbed the base of each dildo and guided her body onto the phallus instruments. The dildos were not over five inches in length, but the circumference of both filled both of her holes completely.

"Now slut, I will shut the door to the closet. You will note that there is a sliding pane in the door. You will also note that there are two handles on the wall for your hands. You will be sucking cocks with your mouth and throat. You are not to use your hands at all," Todd ordered.

With that, Todd shut the door. Summer heard the bolt lock on the door turn effectively incarcerating the teacher in the custodial closet. Summer felt the two dildos come to life as they began light stimulations to each of her filled holes. Summer's body, though not fully recovered from her most recent orgasm, began to respond to the new stimulation. Summer began to rock back and forth against the cocks in each of her holes.

"Alright, my slut is in the gloryhole closet and she is waiting to suck your cock Terry," Summer heard her young master say.

"Oh God. I just danced with him as he played with my garter belt strap. He has been looking up my skirt, following me in school, rubbing up against me as I walk through the hallways and now I am going to suck his cock," Summer said to herself.

At that moment, the vibrators in her ass and pussy sprang back to life. Her young master had been tinkering with the strength of the vibrations while she waited for the first of the 10 cocks she was required to suck. He had almost brought her to orgasm two times and now her body was moving towards an orgasm as Terry's cock slipped through the gloryhole.

Summer leaned forward and took it into her mouth. She held the two handles on either side of the hole and worked her mouth up and down the shaft as Terry slowly fucked his cock into her mouth. Terry could feel the warm mouth behind the door engulf his cock. He had been masturbating at every opportunity he had during the day so that he could last. But this mouth had him at the point of orgasm in just a couple of minutes.

"Suck it deep slut and take my cum," Terry grunted as his cock spewed his cum into the mouth behind the door.

Summer sucked as hard and as fast as she could making sure to catch every drop of Terry's cum. She only released his cock when she heard, "Thank you," from Terry.

Terry and Todd exchanged high fives as Terry walked to the door. He finished zipping up and then left the room.

"That was quite a performance slut," Todd said to Summer.

"Rest your mouth just a little, as the next cock is very large," Todd said.

"Yes Master T," Summer replied.

Todd slowed the vibrations of the dildos buried in his teacher's ass and pussy. He did not want her cumming too soon, but he know that shew would need several orgasms along the way to reinforce her pleasure being derived from serving men and their cocks. 

There were three knocks at the door, which was the code to come in. Todd opened the door, took the $20 from the next of his friends.

"Ok Matt, the slut is behind this door. She has been instructed to suck your cock and take your cum without using her hands. You have five minutes," Todd told Matt.

Summer did not recognize the name. But she instantly saw the head of a cock poking through the gloryhole. The size of the head was tremendous. She leaned forward, stuck out her tongue and slowly licked the head to put moisture all around the head to help it slip into her mouth.

Matt leaned forward and pushed his cock into the gloryhole and deeper into the mouth. He heard a slight moan as his cock filled the anonymous mouth. His cock was getting harder by the second and he needed to make quick work of the blow job as he had to get back to the dance so his date did not begin to wonder where he was.

Summer felt the cock growing in size as she worked her lips up and down the shaft. She got into rhythm with the cock as its owner began to fuck it deeper into her mouth with each thrust. The size cock was surprising to Summer. Its length was not too much longer than her young master's cock, but the girth of the cock completely filled her mouth. She struggled to breathe around the cock and felt light headed. She began taking deep breaths through her nose so that she did not pass out from lack of oxygen.

Matt feeling his cock was now fully erect began to thrust his pelvic bone against the door forcing his cock deep through the gloryhole and deeper into the mouth beyond. He worked in tandem with the mouth as he brought his cock almost all the way out of the mouth and then worked it back in to the back of the throat. He could feel the mouth struggle against his cock trying to back off, but his cock was too big around for the woman to pull off.

He started working his cock faster into the hole. Todd increased the intensity of the dildos in Summer's ass and pussy. Each time Summer moved her head forward against the cock, her pierced clit rubbed against the nubs of the Sybian. Her young master was bringing her to the brink of orgasm. The cock in her mouth was like a solid rod as it buried itself into her throat and erupted spewing it's cum down her throat without her being able to swallow.

In the midst of Matt's orgasm, Summer's body erupted in orgasm matching Matt's intensity as her whole body shook and she slobbered on the cock seeking to get every last drop of cum from the cock.

"Damn the bitch will not let go of my cock," Matt said to Todd.

"I told you she was a slut and loved to suck a man's cock," Todd replied.

Matt was finally successful in withdrawing his cock from the mouth on the other side of the gloryhole as he heard the plop as the mouth finally released his cock.

Before Matt could zip up there were three knocks on the door. Matt zipped up and Todd walked with him to the door. As Matt walked out the door, Jake walked into the custodian's office. "Hi Todd. So, is the slut ready for my cock," Jake asked.

"First tell me where you have been. You were supposed to go second and Matt third," Todd asked.

"Well I got tied up with Ms. Higgins, the music teacher," Jake replied.

"What do you mean, tied up?" Todd asked.

"Well, you know ever since her husband ran off with the college girl, she has been lonely. I have sort of been filling in the gap with her. She lets me come over to her house and I bang her a couple of times a week," Jake replied.

"But that does not explain why you are late tonight. I had this evening pretty scripted for the slut," Todd replied.

"Well Ms. Higgins, I call her Kate, had me meet her in the equipment room of the music center. So, I took her from behind as she bent over the xylophone," Jake said with a laugh.

"When I got there, she was bent over the xylophone with her dress up over her ass, her panties on the floor and her legs spread wide," Matt said. Continuing he said, "So, I walked right up to Kate, pulled out my cock, put some spit on it and on her ass hole. Then I fucked her ass really good."

"So you are banging the music teacher," Todd said. He knew that his slut teacher was listening and would be shocked that another teacher was a willing fuck for a student, only this teacher sought out her student.

Todd was right. Summer was listening intently to the conversation and could not believe that Ms. Higgins was having sex with a student. And now Summer has found out that she even lets her student fuck her ass. About that time, Summer felt the dildo in her ass crank up sending shivers through her body as it had not fully recovered from her most recent orgasm.

"Well, does your cock need cleaning Matt," Todd asked.

"Yes it does as I did not have time to have my teacher suck me clean. Will your slut suck mine clean," Matt asked Todd.

"My suck loves to taste another woman's ass juices. Just stick your used cock through the hole and the slut will use her mouth to clean you and bring you to another orgasm," Todd told Matt.

Matt walked up to the custodial closet door, unzipped his jeans, fished out his cock and pushed the head through the hole. He waited for a moment before he asked, "Is she in there?"

"Slut, if you know what is good for you, take that cock in your slut mouth and clean Ms. Higgins' ass juice from Matt's cock and then take his cum," Todd ordered.

Summer's mouth was near the tip of Matt's cock. She could smell the ass juices on Matt's cock, but she knew she had no other choice.

"Here let me give her some more incentive," Todd said to Matt.

Todd turned up the intensity of the dildo that was buried in his slut teacher's mouth. He knew that her body would be tray her with a cock so close to her mouth and her ass being stimulated once again by the Sybian dildo.

Matt felt lips around his cock and then a tongue begin to lick his cock to clean it. The mouth was very wet and was skilled in taking a cock. Summer sucked Matt's semi-hard cock into her mouth and did not find it to disgusting. She began to work in earnest to suck cum from another of her young master's friends.

"Man she really knows how to clean a cock," Matt said to Todd.

With that approval, Todd turned up the intensity of the dildo buried in Summer's pussy to match that of the dildo in her ass. Both Todd and Matt heard a sharp intake of air as Summer's body reacted to the dual stimulation. Her mouth began taking the full length of Matt's cock as it grew in fullness. Summer realized that Matt's cock was not as thick as the previous cock, but it was much longer even in its half erect status.

Matt's cock was now fully erect and he began to work the full length of his cock down the throat of the anonymous mouth behind the glory hole door. He was easily able to bounce the head of his cock off of the back of the throat of the mouth in the glory hole.

Summer was trying her best to take the full length of the cock into her mouth and down her throat. She adjusted her head position and leaned forward giving the cock a straighter path to her throat. She was not worried about gagging as the cock's circumference was allowing her to breath. She was just trying to let the tip of the cock head hit her in such a way as to cause her to gag.

Working in tandem with the cocksucker, Matt was being brought closer and closer to orgasm. Coincidentally, Summer's body was reacting to the multiple stimulations that she was experiencing. Here she was a respected high school English teacher sitting on a machine that as stimulating her ass, her pussy, her clit and her mouth was filled with a stranger's cock that had remnants of ass juices from a teacher he had fucked in the ass recently. Additionally, the sheer impact of the degradation of being forced to perform like this by her young master was once again causing the teacher to be turned on by the humiliation of the event.

Summer let go of the handles and took each of her pierced nipples into her fingers and began to pull as well as twist them. She was rubbing her pussy against the dildo forcing the dildo in her ass even deeper inside. The rocking motion was also forcing her pierced clit to rub against the ribbing of the Sybian as it was positioned perfectly where her clit rested on the Sybian.

"Get ready slut as I am going to shoot my cum down your throat," Matt said.

With that, Matt lunged forward and slammed his cock against the back of Summer's throat. Summer tilted her head slightly to allow the cock to slip into her throat just as Matt's cock erupted sending his cum directly into the teacher's Esophagus. Summer's body erupted in orgasm again as the sheer pleasure of receiving cum from the cock, combined with the dildo stimulation had pushed her over the edge.

Summer was awakened by a hard knock against the door. "Wake up slut, your next cock is here," her young master said.

Then for the next twenty-five minutes, the trapped teacher sucked five more cocks until they erupted into her mouth. There was a building stream of cum running out of the corners of Summer's mouth, down her neck and onto her breasts. She was unable to continue to swallow all of the cum from the cocks being supplied to her. 

After the eighth cock had deposited it's cum into her mouth, Summer was totally exhausted. Her body had been wracked with orgasm after orgasm from the dildos in her ass and pussy. The stimulation of being force fed hard cocks by her young master led to almost mind shattering orgasms. Summer was hopeful that her time was up and that she was free to return to her duties as a chaperone, though she had no idea what time it was.

"Ok slut, you have two more cocks to suck. The next one is a big favor for me and will give this guy a big thank you for all that he does for our football team," Todd said to Summer.

"Oh God he is going to make me suck Coach Dawkins the football coach," Summer said out loud.

"No slut you are not sucking Coach Dawkins tonight, but maybe sometime in the future though," Todd replied.

"Thank goodness," Summer said in response.

There was three knocks at the door and Summer knew that her short respite was over. She listened intently as the door opened and she heard, "You were not followed were you," Todd asked the new cock owner.

"No man, I was careful. I slipped out the side door after Coach Hawkins' wrap-up speech. You know we clocked those guys tonight," William Demps said to Todd.

Summer was taken aback now. She had only knew Terry from school, but not really known anyone else up until now. Most of the voices she had not recognized except for Matt's who was now banging the music teacher, Kate Higgins. Summer had sucked her ass juices from his cock earlier. But William Demps was the stepson of Calvin Williams, the school head custodian. Summer had been subjected to his demands, requirements and cock on several occasions in this very office. Summer remembered the time when she was trapped in the girl's locker room and she witnessed the initiation of Marsha Edwards a sophomore cheerleader. Summer remembered how big and long William's cock was. It was a combination of the second and third cocks she had sucked earlier this evening.

"That is good William. My slut is ready for your cock. Pull those football pants down and get to work as she has one more guy to take care of before I let her go tonight," Todd said.

"Sorry that I did not shower first Todd, but I had to get away as best I could," William said.

"No problem William. My slut will clean that big cock of yours right up," Todd said.

As he lowered his stained football pants, William shuffled towards the gloryhole door. He noticed the adjustments that Todd had made in the door and asked, "So, did you get my step father's permission to make this modification."

"Well, to be honest, no I did not. I planned to change it out after my slut sucks her tenth cock," Todd said.

"Oh my God. Your slut has already sucked eight cocks before me," William asked.

"You bet, but none that are as long or as big around as yours," Todd replied. "Now, just shove that thing through the hole so my slut can go to work on your."

William needed no further directions from Todd. In his stocking feet, with his football pants and jock strap around his ankles, William pushed his cock through the gloryhole.

"Alright bitch, get to work on my cock as I do not have all night," William said to the anonymous mouth behind the door.

Summer leaned forward, closed her eyes and took the end of William's cock into her mouth. She could taste the sweat and soil from the football game. His cock was only just beginning to harden, so Summer was able to pull the whole cock into her mouth. As she concentrated on cleaning the football player's cock, she felt the dildos spring to life, but on low vibration levels. Summer did not think that her body could take another orgasm any more than her stomach could take anymore cum tonight. But, her fate was sealed and the teacher had no choice but to take the newest cock into her throat.

William started to rock back and forth using the tight fit of the gloryhole mouth to stimulate the entire length of his cock. He could feel blood rushing to his cock and could feel his cock begin to harden.

Summer felt the same thing as the football player's cock began to almost double in circumference. Summer had a complete mouthful of cock now. William's cock was almost fully erect and the head of his cock was already touching the back of her throat. Summer did not have the full length of the cock in her mouth. It was so long and thick, that her mouth could not accommodate the full shaft.

Summer started rocking her head back and forth taking as much of the football player's cock into her mouth as possible. William met the rocking of the mouth with thrusts of his own attempting to put his whole shaft down the anonymous throat. Summer was almost gagging each time she rocked forward and William thrust forward.

Summer grabbed the handles on either side of the glory hole and used them as leverage to pull her body towards the big cock. That same motion began forcing the two dildos once again deep inside her holes. Her clit was once again on fire as the piercing was rubbing against her clit as her clit rubbed against the ribbing of the Sybian machine.

William got into a rhythm with the mouth in the gloryhole. Summer did the same thing with William's cock. Her lips were stretched to the max as the large cock was forced deeper and deeper into her throat. Saliva was leaking out of each side of Summer's mouth as the force of William's thrusts pull saliva back with his cock each time.

"Man Todd this is one cock loving mouth. I want to meet this bitch one day," William said.

"Well my man, we can talk about that at a later date. This slut is my private one and is still being trained to be totally submissive to me and my directions. But, she does like to suck a cock. Also, she is sitting on a Sybian machine with a dildo in each of her holes, Todd said.

"So she is fucking herself as I fuck her face," William said.

"Yep that is true. I am going to turn the vibrations all the way up so she will cum for you," Todd said.

William and Todd both heard Summer gasp as the dildos almost exploded in her holes. She froze for a moment because of the intensity of the vibrations. But, then Summer's body responded to the heightened vibrations and began to more forcibly rock against the dildos. This action allowed more of William's cock to slide into Summer's throat. The length and girth of the cock was depriving Summer of oxygen. She was beginning to become light headed due to the lack of oxygen as well as the stimulations in her holes.

Summer pulled on the handles on either side of the gloryhole and pressed her nose against the pubic hair of the football player's crotch. This forced all of William's cock into the teacher's mouth and a large portion of the cock down her stretched throat.

Summer was nearing an orgasm again as the anal and pussy stimulation along with the clit stimulation was bringing her body to sexual heights she had never experienced. She pushed harder against the cock and tried to take it all the way down her throat. She breathed through her nostrils hoping to get enough oxygen so survive the assault on her mouth and throat.

As Summer's body crept closer and closer to orgasm, William's cock was doing the same. He was holding out to feel the body of the mouth orgasm before he came, but the mouth was wrapped around his cock perfectly and the pressure of the throat against his cock head was making it almost impossible for him to hold off.

"Fuck it," William groaned.

William began the final assault on the mysterious mouth and throat fucked the woman for all he was worth. He did not care at this point whether the slut came or not. He was ready to cum and he had saved up a week's worth of cum for this occasion.

Summer could not breathe as the cock was buried so deeply down her throat that no air was getting to her lungs. Her face was numb as were her lips. But, her ass and pussy were fully awake and were ramming down onto the dildos from the Sybian. Summer pushed forward one last time to take all of William's cock down her throat. That movement sent him over the edge and his cock erupted down the teacher's throat which did not require Summer to swallow at all.

William had stored up so much cum that it was impossible for all of it to go down the teacher's throat. There was a backwash of cum that seeped out the corners of the teacher's mouth, onto her chin and then down her neck.


William's sudden eruption was all that Summer's mind needed to send her body over the edge into orgasm. She was totally involved in her orgasm and did not realize that William had withdrawn his cock leaving a long trail of cum from his cock to her mouth. Summer closed her mouth involuntarily sucking the strings of cum back into her mouth.

William pulled up his jock strap, put his cock away and then pulled up his football pants. Man that was the best blowjob I have ever received. "I hope I can get to meet your slut one day Todd," William said as he headed out the door."

Todd listened at the gloryhole to make sure that Summer was still breathing. He could see her head resting against the door and he could smell the jism left over from the nine cocks she had sucked. She only had one more and it was a freebie to his new friend. Todd had met Justin just that evening as he had set him up with his slut Melanie Hart. He had done this through the grapevine as one of Summer's boys had put the word out that their friend was looking to get laid tonight after the football game. Todd was pleased to give Melanie to Justin to keep her from bugging him tonight.

Todd banged on the door and heard nothing. He waited for a couple of seconds and then banged on the door with both of his hands. He heard nothing again. Next Todd hit the door repeatedly with both hands until he finally heard noise from the other side of the door.

"Master T, I do not think I can take anymore. My mouth is so tired, my stomach is so full of cum and both of my holes are so sore from the dildos. Please don't make me suck another cock," Summer begged.

About that time, there were three rapid raps on the door, which was the entry signal for the gloryhole room. "Too late slut, you last cock is already here. All you have to do is suck as I will not turn the dildos on this time," Todd said as he smiled to himself.

Summer was now totally submissive to him and his demands. She had accepted the cocks without any hesitation and had had nine orgasms by his count; each time when the cock in her mouth erupted and shot hot jism into her mouth as well as down her throat. Each man had said that it was the best blowjob that they had ever received. Todd was proud of his slut teacher, but he had more plans for her.

Todd opened the door and Justin Cox came into the custodian office with a shit eating grin. He had just come from fucking Melanie Hart and he needed to have his cock cleaned. And, more than likely, give the anonymous mouth a load of his cum. He was impressed with himself at his ability for multiple orgasms in one evening. Melanie had been a good doggie fuck. He did not like fucking in the back of her car, but it worked out just fine.

"Ok Justin, here are the rules. My slut is on the other side of the door. She is here to give the last of ten blowjobs tonight. She has helped me repay some friends with the blowjobs. Your blowjob is a thank you to you for taking care of Melanie Hart," Todd said to Justin. "You cannot touch her or look into the gloryhole. Just put your cock through the hole and her mouth will do the rest."

"Well that is easy enough. By the way, Melanie is a great fuck. She came like three times while I fucked her in her car," Justin said to Todd.

"Yes, Melanie is a hot one. I appreciate you keeping her out of my hair tonight," Todd said to Justin.

Justin walked up to the gloryhole, unzipped his pants and stuffed his now semi-hard cock through to the other side.

Summer hesitated. This was a friend of her sons and he had already been a little too friendly with her earlier this evening. She also was thinking about his cock and where it had been just moments before sticking it through the hole.

But, the teacher had no choice and leaned forward bracing herself against the door with the handles. She took the cock into her mouth and immediately tasted Melanie's pussy juices on Justin's cock. Summer had tasted pussy before, but never from another cock and that of one of her students.

Justin let out a low moan as the warm mouth engulfed his cock. He began to fuck the mouth as his cock went deeper and deeper inside the anonymous mouth. Summer got into a rhythm hoping to speed up the process and have Justin spew his cum quickly.

"Man the slut has a great mouth," Justin said out loud.

"Yes she does. And think about all the cum she has taken before your cock got there," Todd chimed in.

"Wow, I cannot believe that the slut actually has sucked nine cocks before me. What kind of control do you have over her anyway, "Justin asked.

Summer was surprised by the conversation between the two. She was concentrating her best to make Justin cum quickly, while he carried on a conversation with her young master.

"Well, she is a little older. She is compliant to my directions because she fucked up and I caught her. She is my slut and does everything I require her to do," Todd replied relishing in bragging on his conquest of his English teacher.

"Man how did you find her," Justin asked as he continued to saw his cock in and out of Summer's mouth.

"Well I found her profile on a website and she sent me a face picture by accident. She is married and I knew her," Todd replied.

"Wow man that is awesome. How do you control her," Justin asked.

"Well it has taken some time and energy. She at first refused to submit to me, but the threat of exposure as well as lots of incriminating photos of her helps keep her in line," Todd replied.

"Man I would like to see the pictures. Can I," Justin asked.

"No man. Those are my hold over the slut. She knows that I know everything about her, her job, her children and her husband," Todd said.

"Oh man, you have a woman that is married as your personal slut! That is too rich," Justin said.

"Yes and I have had her permanently marked to show my ownership of her," Todd bragged on.

"What do you mean permanently marked," Justin asked.

"Well she has had her nipples, pussy lips and clit pierced. I have had her tattooed in various places and she carries my mark on her body as well," Todd said.

Summer heard all of the conversation and was having a terrible time concentrating on her responsibility. She was worried that Todd would spill all of the beans and that Justin would expose her to her sons. Then Summer realized that that was exactly what her young master was telling her through his conversation with Justin.

Summer redoubled her efforts in the desire to end the conversation between the two and to end her night of submission. "Man this slut is really going to town now. Wonder if she likes the taste of pussy as she sucks my cock," Justin said.

"Oh God, here it comes bitch. Enjoy my cum," Justin said as he splashed his cum against the back of Summer's throat.

Summer swallowed as best she could. Her lips, tongue and throat were fairly numb after the use she had been subjected to in the gloryhole room. She tasted remnants of Melanie Hart's pussy juices as Justin pulled his cock out of her mouth and back through the gloryhole.

Summer smiled to herself for accomplishing what she had been directed to do. Her body was in shambles from the orgasms and the position she had been in for however long she had been in the closet. Her knees were aching, her asshole was very sore and her pussy felt like a thick cucumber had been fucked in and out of her for hours.

Summer heard the door to the custodian office open and then close. She was comforted when she heard the bolt lock turned so that no one could enter the office. Todd then unlocked the closet door and told Summer she could get up and get dressed.

Summer tried to move, but her legs were almost completely numb. "Master T, please help me up. I cannot get up off of my knees," Summer pleaded.

Todd reached down and grabbed each of Summer's armpits and lifted the teacher up off of her knees. He brought Summer up to a standing position, pushed her against the door frame and then said, "You look like a whore."

Across the room, Summer could see her reflection in a mirror on the wall. Her hair was all messed up, there was cum stains on her mouth, chin, neck, breasts and stomach. Her lipstick was spread all around her mouth and onto her upper chin area. The cocks moving in and out of her mouth had served to spread her lipstick marking her as a cock sucking slut.

"Oh Master T, I cannot go back to the dance looking like this," Summer said to her young master.

"Tell you what slut. You can go home and I will clear things with both Mr. Harding and Melanie's mom, Sandra Wilson. You just meet me for lunch tomorrow at Meehan's Pub at 12:30 PM sharp," Todd said.

"Thank you Master T. I will be on a bar stool there promptly at 12:30 PM. Thank you so much," Summer said to her young master.

Fortunately, Summer was able to utilize the sink in the custodian's office. She washed her face, neck and breasts. She then reapplied her make-up like a good slut. Summer then put her bra, thong and dress back on. She was quite pleased that her hose had not ripped during her gloryhole ordeal.

Summer made her way out of the school building, out to her car, got in, started it up and then roared out of the parking lot. In record time, the worn out teacher was back in her house. Summer ran up the stairs, stripped off all of her clothes, took a quick hot shower, dried off as best she could and then collapsed face down on her bed.



