Summer's Blackmail Ch. 26
bywilcox010©
Summer Wayne is a 40 year old married, high school Senior English teacher that has been blackmailed by one of her students for almost four weeks. She is required to call him Master T and she is completely under his control. Master T has had each of Summer's nipples pierced, each of her pussy lips is adorned with ring piercings, she has had her hair cut into a much younger cut that barely reaches her neck, it is jagged in style and her hair has received extensive highlighting to further change her appearance. Her fingernails have been lengthened by acrylic nails of almost ¾ inches in length and painted a bright red to match her toenails. She has had her clit pierced and her body is adorned with five tattoos further humiliating and degrading/dominating the teacher by her high school master.

Summer woke up in her bed with her body uncovered. She did not remember falling asleep uncovered, but figured, given her Friday night degradation, anything was possible. She sat up, saw that her clothes had been neatly folded and had been placed on her chest of drawers. She saw that her black ankle strap heels rested on top of all of her clothes. Summer wondered how she had been able to consciously take the time to neatly fold and place her clothes in such a manner. Looking at the clock on her bedside table, she saw that it was 7:00 AM.

The teacher's lips, throat and stomach ached. She got out of bed, walked across the Berber carpet of her bedroom and used the restroom. After relieving herself, the teacher walked to closet door and looked at herself. Her hair reflected the fact that she had gone to bed with moist hair. Summer leaned closer to the mirror and could see faint traces of cum on the corners of her mouth, chin and on her neck. Somehow she had not managed to wash away the remnants of the ten cocks she had sucked in the custodial closet for her young master.

Summer thought that a good workout would help relieve some of the pain and memories from last night. She walked into her closet and put on her white sports bra, white thong, white yoga pants, her white with pink trim socks and her white running shoes. Once dressed and knowing that her sons were probably still asleep, the teacher pulled her hair back into a tight ponytail not worrying about the possibility of anyone seeing her MT tattoo at the base of her hair line.

After washing her face more completely, Summer applied a light amount of make-up so that it looked like she was perky, even though most of her body ached. The teacher's body was stiff from being on the floor resting on her knees while spread across the Sybian that had forced a dildos into her ass and pussy while she sucked the cocks. She could not remember the number of orgasms she had had, but her body was fully satisfied. Summer's clit was raw from the recent piercing as well as from the rough treatment that the rubber nub of the Sybian as she had ground her pelvic bone into it as the dildos fucked her.

Summer stepped back from the mirror and noted that the blue butterfly tattoos on her breasts were quite prominent while being supported by her sports bra. She could easily make out the piercings in each of her nipples. Her back tattoo, the Screaming Eagle, was just as prominent as she saw when she turned her back to the mirror.

Summer decided that she was not ready to have a conversation with her sons about her tattoos. So, she looked through her work-out clothes and found a lightweight tee shirt that she slipped over her head and it covered most of her upper body. The tee shirt was a couple of years old and had shrunk due to several washings.

Summer slipped out of her bedroom, down the stairs to the first floor and went into the kitchen. She prepped the coffee maker instead of her Keurig for coffee with her sons later. She then headed for the door leading to the basement and gracefully walked down the stairs. It was the first time in a while when she did not have either a butt plug in her ass or the vibrating egg in her pussy. Though she felt empty, she was happy to have her body not invaded by the instruments of her young master's degrading apparatuses.

Summer stepped up onto her Bow Flex treadmill and started up on a slow speed and low gradient. After her five minute warm-up, Summer dialed up the speed and increased the incline. She settled into a nice, aggressive rhythm with the machine and her body. Summer basically tuned everything out and walked as fast as her body would allow. Summer was working up quite a sweat and she had forgotten to turn the LG Room air conditioner on, so she was burning calories with exercise as well as with sweat.

Without thinking, Summer stripped the tee shirt off and threw it on the chair beside the treadmill. She reached into the drink holder, grabbed the TV remote and switched on her favorite satellite radio station. Summer immersed herself in the workout and the music leaving all of her recent humiliations behind in her dust so to speak. Summer's body glistened with sweat and she did not realize that the moisture from her sweat was making her white sports bra almost see-through. Also, the waist band of her yoga pants was quite wet which revealed the white thong that it covered.

Justin Cox awake from his sleep and dreams of his best friend's mother. He had been dropped off by Melanie Hart earlier in the evening because she had to be home for a scheduled college trip to the state university early on Saturday morning. Justin was a bit groggy from the weed that he had been able to secure via a contact at the school. It had helped in his seduction of Melanie and to give him the added inducement for his late night visit to Summer's bedroom.

Summer had fallen asleep in her bed and was not covered when he snuck into her room with the light from the bedside table illuminating the teacher as she slept. His plan had been to nose around her drawers as well as her closet to look at her lingerie and clothes. He was turned on by the teacher the first time that he had seen her in the kitchen earlier in the day. She was more beautiful that he had imagined ever since he had seen pictures of her in her son's dorm room. Now, here she was laying on her back, legs spread and no clothes on whatsoever. He had been very cautious at first because he did not want to wake her or be discovered sneaking around in her bedroom.

Right away, Justin had noticed Summer's deep, slow breathing as she lay there before him. He took every part of her body into his eyes. He was captivated by the bar bell piercings in each of the teacher's nipples. The piercings made each of her nipples stand straight up at attention. Then his eyes focused on Summer's butterfly tattoos on each breast. Her breasts sagged only a little, so they were displayed brilliantly before him. Next his eyes focused on the belly button piercing with the silver T laying there on her flat stomach. He had reached out and lightly flicked the piercing with no reaction from the teacher.

Next, Justin took in Summer's rose tattoo that covered her pelvic area with the rose petals layered just above her shaved pussy while the stem of the rose snaked up above her very thin tan line. That is when Justin noticed the piercings in Summer's clit as well as in her pussy lips. He was very surprised and pleased knowing that such a prim and proper mother as well as a high school English teacher's body was so well adorned with erotic markings. His erection was not hidden by his boxers as he gawked at his friend's nude mother.

Justin was overcome with the need to cum. He decided that he would stroke his cock for a while as he took in the sights of the nude, tattooed and pierced mother before him. His cock was already peeking out of the slit in the front of his briefs. Justin fished the rest of his cock out and slowly, quietly stroked his cock. He could still smell the pussy juice left on his cock by Melanie Hart, but almost licked away by the anonymous cock sucker in the closet earlier in the evening at the school. He listened to Summer's breathing and then slowly worked his way up to the foot of the bed so that he could take in all that the view offered.

He could make out the ring piercings in each of the teacher's pussy lips. The bar bell piercing in her clit matched the piercings in her nipples. He could see just a hint of moisture at the mouth of the teacher's pussy. The rose tattoo was laying perfectly still as the petals adorned Summer's pelvic bone. Justin watched as the slow breathing bounced the belly button piercing softly.

Justin began to stroke his cock more vigorously as he was quite taken by the teacher's body. And, the erotic scene of him in his friend's mother's bedroom was almost too much for him to take. He could feel his orgasm rising and knew that he should escape right then so as not to be discovered, but he just had to get a closer look at the nipple piercings. Justin worked up along the edge of the bed, when he paused as Summer moaned and then turned on her side towards him.

Justin reached Summer's head as he had softly continued to move up along the edge of the bed. Summer's right nipple stood at full attention and her breasts were pressed together once again forcing the butterfly tattoos to appear to be kissing one another. Justin's cock was only inches from the teacher's face so he took a chance.

Justin moved the head of his cock towards Summer's face and he began to stroke his cock even faster. He knew that he did not have a full load after having fucked Melanie Hart and been blown anonymously during the past two hours. But, he wanted to get a good picture of the cum on the teacher's face with his phone, which he held in his left hand as he stroked his cock. He had already been sure to take close-up as well as full length shots of the sleeping teacher.

Justin edged his cock closer to Summer's face when she moaned again and started to turn just as the first drops of Justin's cum hit her lips. He froze in mid-stroke terrified that Summer would open her eyes. But, all the teacher did was stick her tongue out to lick her lips like they were being tickled. Justin then let the rest of his cum escape from his cock and watched as drops hit the teacher's chin, neck and upper chest. He quickly put his cock away and snapped off a couple of more shots of Summer now adorned with his cum.

Around 7:30 AM, Justin woke up with his regular morning woody. He was remembering the events of the evening when he walked to Summer's bedroom door and peeked inside only to find her gone. He did see that she had not disturbed the stack of her clothes that he had neatly folded after shooting his cum onto Summer's face. "Damn, where is she," Justin asked no one.

Jacob and Kevin were both still asleep. Justin remembered them coming in, but he did not look at his clock to note the time. But, it was quite late for sure. Justin had a growling stomach and decided to explore the kitchen and its refrigerator to see what kind of foods were available to him this morning.

As he reached the bottom stair, the aroma of freshly brewed coffee hit Justin's nostrils. "Ah coffee, what a treat," Justin said to Summer as he reached the kitchen.

Justin was disappointed to find the kitchen empty as he was looking forward to seeing Summer in a short nightgown and/or a robe. Justin heard the muffled sound of music, but he did not know where it was coming from. He looked around the kitchen, out on the patio and then he looked towards the garage, but he did not find the source. Then Justin saw the cracked doorway down the hall and discovered a stair well down to the basement of the house.

The stairs were carpeted so Justin's footsteps were not heard by Summer. Justin reached the landing at the bottom of the stairs and was awestruck once again by his friend's mother. Summer was facing away from the doorway and was working hard on the treadmill. She was singing along with the music on the TV as she walked in rhythm with the padded conveyor of the treadmill.

Justin could make out the white thong under the white yoga pants worn by Summer, which were obviously wet from sweat. He also got a good look at the tattoo on her back as it snaked above the waist band of the pants. The tattoo was one of an eagle and it stretched across the teacher's lower back. He just stood there and stared at the ass of the teacher as she walked very briskly on the treadmill. Justin's eyes noticed Summer's ponytail it bounced back and forth with each step she took. That is when Justin noticed the MT designed tattoo on the upper area of Summer's neck.

Justin decided to just go for it and walked into the room and sat down on top of Summer's tee shirt in the chair beside the treadmill.

"Oh My God," Summer screamed. "Oh, I am sorry, I did not hear you Justin."

"I am sorry Mrs. Wayne, I should have not startled you like that," Justin said.

Summer continued to walk to the sounds of the music from her TV while being watched by her son's friend. It took her a minute to realize that she was not wearing the tee shirt and that her body was soaked in sweat from her work-out. Summer adjusted the speed and gradient controls of the treadmill that allowed her to slow down for a short cool down period.

Justin could clearly see the piercings in each of his friend's mother's nipples as the teacher's sweat had made the material of the sports bra semi-transparent. Her breasts though firm, were bouncing quite nicely as Summer walked. Justin could also see the end of the rose stem tattoo peeking out of the top of the waist band of her white yoga pants.

Summer was uncomfortable in her situation. She could not retrieve her tee shirt because Justin had conveniently sat on it when he dropped down onto the chair beside her treadmill. She knew that her body was glistening with sweat, which made the white yoga pants and sports bra semi-transparent. Summer did not want to give any indication that she was interested so she continued to walk until the cool down period expired and the treadmill came to a halt.

"Justin, can you please give me the tee shirt that you are sitting on," Summer asked.

"Oh I did not realize that I had sat on it," replied Justin.

Justin continued to just look up and down the body of the work-out weary teacher. He could not imagine that she was only 40 years old with two sons in college. His own mother had never had the kind of body that Summer had and he was enjoying the view remembering how she looked sprawled out on her bed with his cum splashed onto her face and neck.

Justin leaned forward and reached under his ass to grab the tee shirt. He could not pull it out so he stood up to pick the tee shirt up. He held it out for Summer without moving closer to her. Summer had to step down off of the treadmill and take two steps towards Justin. She watched as Justin's eyes focused on her breasts.

Summer could feel her nipples harden under Justin's gaze. He did not hold the tee shirt out for her, but instead made her reach for it. He did not release it immediately and smiled a Cheshire cat smile when he did release it.

Unfortunately for Summer, she had to raise her hands over her head to slip on the tee shirt. When she did this, Summer's nipples pressed hard against the stretched and wet material of her white sports bra. Justin's eyes roamed down Summer's body and saw how the waist band of the white yoga pants had worked their way down a little further to reveal more of the stem of the rose tattoo.

"Geez Mrs. Wayne you have some very nice tattoos on your body. Also, your piercings are very erotic. I bet your husband really likes them," Justin said.

"Yes he does," Summer embarrassingly replied.

"So, how many tattoos do you have Mrs. Wayne," Justin asked.

"Oh, just two," Summer replied.

"Wait, I count at least five Mrs. Wayne," Justin replied. Continuing, "You have the two butterfly tattoos on your lovely breasts, the eagle across your back, the MT on your neck and what looks like a rose on your lower abdomen."

"Well, I meant two that you can actually see most of the time," Summer quickly replied.

"Why don't you show them all the time Mrs. Wayne," Justin asked.

"I am a school teacher and it would not be proper," Summer replied nervously.

"But, you have the sexiest body I have ever seen and especially a teacher's body," Justin replied.

"Thank you Justin. Let's go upstairs for some coffee," Summer replied.

"But, you still have not told me about the number of piercings you have. I can see the one in your bellybutton and those in your nipples is SO HOT," Justin said.

"Justin, I am not comfortable discussing my body with you. Kevin and Jacob are upstairs and I am just not wanting to talk with you about my body," Summer replied.

"Just one question Mrs. Wayne. Did getting the piercings turn you on," Justin asked.

"Justin please. Let me go upstairs and get some coffee," Summer said.

"Ok Mrs. Wayne, but let me see more of your rose tattoo first," Justin said as he crossed his arms and back up to the door entrance.

"Certainly not Justin. I am not going to engage in this conversation any longer," Summer said as she tried to push her way past the young man. Summer brushed against Justin's boxer shorts and was surprised to find him hard.

"Well you have had an effect on me Mrs. Wayne," Justin said.

Summer watched as Justin turned to the side and she looked down to see his cock sticking through the slit opening of his boxers. Summer then remembered that just last night she had sucked his cock even though Justin did not know it was her. Summer remembered the conversation that Justin had with her young master before he poked his cock through the glory hole.

Justin saw her friend's mother stare at his cock and he lifted it slightly with his right hand. He shook it just a little and noticed that Summer did not take her eyes off of his cock. "I would you like to touch it Mrs. Wayne," Justin said bluntly.

That got Summer's attention and she took her gaze away from Justin's cock to look him directly in the eye and said, "How rude of you Justin. I have opened my home up to you and treat me with such disrespect like this."

"But Mrs. Wayne, I saw how you looked at my cock. I am very comfortable showing it to you down here in your basement especially with how you have been showing me your body," Justin replied.

"I was shocked that you would show it to me here in my home. You are just being disrespectful towards me," Summer said.

"You are not being very convincing Mrs. Wayne. Here just touch it," Justin said as he grabbed Summer's right hand and placed it on his cock.

Summer immediately pulled her hand away, but Justin was too strong. "That's right Mrs. Wayne. Just touch it for me," Justin said.

Summer recoiled against the instructions from their son's friend. She however was beginning to feel that familiar urge when confronted by a dominant person. Summer's hand did not move from the cock that she had sucked last night. It felt good in her hand and her nipples became even harder if that was possible. She felt Justin slide forward and then backwards working his cock in her hand. Involuntarily, Summer gripped the hard cock tightly as it was pulled and then pushed into her hand.

"Mom, are you down there," Summer heard her son Jacob say.

Summer snatched her hand off of Justin's hard cock and replied, "Yes honey I am just finishing up my work-out and have been talking to Justin."

Justin let her walk by him as his cock grazed the side of Summer's white yoga pants. He followed her up the stairs watching her ass move from side to side as she climbed each step.

"Thankfully," Summer said to herself.

As she reached the top step, she was met by Jacob and Kevin who were seated at the bar. Summer made sure that the tee shirt was pulled into place as best as possible. She did not want to have to explain tattoos and piercings to her sons after having been involved in the exact conversation with one of their friends.

Summer went about pouring coffee and taking breakfast orders. She relished in serving her sons and half-heartedly serving their friend. Justin continued to stare at Summer catching glimpses of her eagle tattoo and the thong as it was pulled tightly into the crack of her ass.

After breakfast was served and dishes cleaned, Summer noticed that it was now 9:30 AM and she had to be seated at Meehan's Pub by 12:30 PM.

"What are you boys up to today," Summer asked them.

"Well, we are going to the lake today to enjoy Jim Roberts' pontoon boat with several friends," Kevin said.

"Who is Jim Roberts," Summer asked.

"Oh you know Mom. His dad is Mike Roberts the boat salesman at the lake marina," Jacob said.

Summer then remembered the treatment that she received from Mike Roberts the last time she was at Meehan's Pub and it sent a chill down her spine.

"Will there be any girls on that boat," Summer said with a coy smile.

"Of course Mom. Cindy, who you met last night, has invited several girls to go along," Kevin said.

"You should join us Mrs. Wayne, it could be fun," Justin chimed in.

"Well thanks, but no. I do have plans for lunch today. Let's plan on brunch tomorrow as I guess you guys will not be home until after dark," Summer replied.

"Yes Mom, we should not be home until around 10:00 PM. We would love to do brunch maybe at Julio's," Jacob said.

"That will be great," Summer replied.

With that, Summer turned and walked out of the kitchen and headed upstairs. She had some time to get ready, but she dare not be late. As Summer's hand grabbed the doorknob to her bedroom she heard Kevin say, "Mom what is up with the tattoos and your piercings?"

"What do you mean Kevin," Summer replied.

"Well Mom, last night it was obvious to everyone that you have butterfly tattoos on each of your boobs. And, Cindy said that you have had your nipples pierced. What gives," Kevin asked.

"Well Kevin, I do not want to discuss this with you. Suffice it for me to say that your damn father talked me into it," Summer lied.

"My father. Are you kidding me? I would have never thought that Mom. But, more power to him and You Go Girl," Kevin said as he gave his mother a hug and then patted her on her ass.

Summer went into her bathroom and stripped out of her clothes, piling them on the tile floor next to her make-up counter. She decided that this morning she would indulge herself and take a long, hot bubble bath.

After the water temperature was just right, short of steaming her skin off, Summer poured her special body bath gel into the water coming out of the faucet and watched as the garden jet tub filled up. Once the water level had covered the four water jets, Summer pushed the start button on the tub and immediately the water started churning making even more bubbles.

Summer was able to fully relax in her tub. Thoughts of the old commercial, Calgon take me away, made her smile. However, it wasn't long before her hands started roaming over her body as she massaged the oils from the bath gel into her body. She ran her hands up and down her stomach almost always pausing at her bellybutton piercing and giving it a slight tug each time she felt it. The longer the bath progressed, the lower her hands roamed down her body.

Her fingers finally found her hard clit and piercing. The teacher slowly stroked the piercing and clit as she sunk deeper into the bubbling waters of her bath. Summer continued to slowly build up to the orgasm she needed, no craved most of the time now. She did not understand how the manipulations of a high school senior could have such an effect on her mind, body and spirit.

Summer's mind wandered back to the basement and the way that Justin had manipulated her into holding, squeezing and stroking his cock. She had thought about how he had shot his cum down her throat while she was locked in the custodial closet and how Melanie Hart's pussy juice had coated the cock. Summer moaned out loud and let her body erupt in orgasm.

Summer was brought back to reality when she heard, "Mom we are headed out. See you tonight after 10:00 PM," Kevin said.

"Ok honey, see you then," Summer hollered back.

Summer continued to enjoy the bubbles for a couple of minutes longer before pressing the stop button ending her bath. After drying herself with her Egyptian cotton towels, with one wrapped around her body and one around her hair, Summer padded across the tile floor of the bathroom into her closet.

It was important to Summer to arrive early to get a suitable place at the bar. She wanted to make sure that she pleased her young master as she did not want to have to suffer any undue punishment for not pleasing him. She worried about going back to the bar because of the difficulty she had there the last time. She had had her hair altered by Midge, being accosted by the boat salesman and the bartender had been rough with her. Summer could feel her pussy moistening even as she worried about her pending humiliation.

The teacher decided on her red shelf bra and thong set. She slipped them on as she watched herself in the mirror. She noticed how her nipples stood at full attention as the bra did not cover her nipples or the piercings, but provided a great presentation of her new tattoos. Summer looked down between her legs and noticed that the red thong had already worked its way between her pussy lips and she could see the ring piercings in each of her pussy lips. Summer rearranged the thong so that, initially, her lips were covered by the thin material of the crotch of the thong.

Summer walked back into the bathroom, sat at her make-up table and began applying her make-up in the manner in which she had been trained and had come to appreciate. When finished, Summer worked her newly styled hair and made sure that the back of her neck fully covered her MT tattoo.

Next the teacher poured her most luxurious body lotion into each of her hands. Summer worked the lotion into her arms and legs giving her skin a refreshing application of moisture. Summer especially liked the slight scent of the lotion as it was pleasing and warm at the same time.

Once satisfied that her hair, make-up and lingerie would meet her master's approval, Summer went back into her closet to select her clothing for her newest day of degradation. Thinking back on one of her first excursions with her young master, Summer selected her button up blue jean skirt. She noticed that the waist was looser than she remembered, which meant that her lack of food as well as her daily exercising had had a thinning effect on her. The skirt now hung on her hips rather than at her waist. In this position, more of her screaming eagle tattoo would be visible.

The light weight red sweater could be problematic as it was almost a crop top, but would at least cover her bellybutton piercing. Summer decided that Master T would be pleased with her wearing the top because it buttoned, but would have her breasts and tattoos adequately displayed.

Summer looked at herself in her full length mirror and decided that she should wear her red four inch heels to top off the outfit. She opened the shoe box, slipped the shoes on her feet and then once again looked at herself in the mirror. But, she just did not look as slutty as she knew her young master would want and she knew that she could not afford to displease him today because she wanted to get her humiliation over as fast as possible so she could be home in time to greet her sons when they returned from their day on the lake.

Summer opened the drawer that contained her silky nylon stockings, thigh hi hosiery and her garter belt collection. She held up the matching red garter belt, but felt that it was too dressy for the blue jean skirt as well as the pub. So, the owned teacher selected beige thigh hi's with back seams with reinforced heels and toes. She believed that this would give her legs a nice shimmer, but also evoke a vision of a slut that her young master had trained her to try to attain every day.

Summer stood next to her closet bench, took off her red heels and then slipped the thigh highs up each leg utilizing the bench to make sure that the hose were properly aligned up the back of each of her legs. Once satisfied, Summer slipped her nylon covered feet back into the red heels and then looked at herself once again in her mirror.

Her make-up and newly styled hair combined with the outfit did in fact make her look like a slut. Summer looked up and down her body. She was taken aback with her transformation in just four short weeks of ownership by a high school senior. Her butterfly tattoos that adorned each of her breasts were a complete contrast from the red sweater top. Even though Summer had all of the buttons fastened on the top, her tattoos were clearly visible. The shelf bra not only heightened the displaying of not only her cleavage, but of her tattoos also.

Summer looked at the bottom of the sweater and it did cover the bellybutton piercing. Summer raised her hands slightly and the piercing was completely visible. Fortunately, even though the skirt now rode lower on her hips due to her weight loss, the stem of her rose tattoo was not visible.

Summer turned around to look at the seams of her hose and noticed that they were straight as they could be. The reinforced heels of her hose rode up above her heels, which she thought gave her legs an even better appearance. Summer raised her hands only slightly and her Screaming Eagle tattoo made a pronounced and quick appearance. She resigned herself to the fact that nothing she would be able to do would prevent people from getting a very good look at her tramp stamp, eagle tattoo.

Just then, Summer's phone rang. She ran to the desk where it sat in her charger having not remembered plugging it in last night. She looked at the number, but did not recognize it. Not knowing whether her young master was calling or not, Summer answered, "Hello."

"Is this Summer Wayne," the voice said.

"Who is calling," Summer replied.

"Oh sorry. I did not mean to alarm you. I am Derrick. I am your Uber driver today," Derrick replied.

"I did not call for an Uber," Summer replied.

"I know Ms. Wayne. I have been contracted by a Master T on his behalf to drive you today," Derrick replied.

Summer was not ready for this new detail in her day. She was hopeful to be able to have the security of her car to be able to leave any location as quickly as was possible. Now her young master was controlling where she was going and how she got there. Resigned to her predicament, Summer replied, "Oh ok that is good. When will you be here?"

"Ms. Wayne, I am parked in front of your house right now. Come on down as we may be late to your first appointment," Derrick replied.

"My first appointment," Summer asked.

"Yes you have one appointment and then on to Meehan's Pub. So, you are late," Derrick said with a little more forcefulness in his voice.

"Yes Derrick, I will be right down," Summer quietly replied.

The owned teacher left the sanctity of her bedroom and descended the wooden stairs. Summer checked her make-up, hair and back seams of her stockings before heading out the door. Summer saw the black Escalade parked at the bottom of her driveway. She hated being made to walk down the steep graded driveway on full display to her neighbors.

As Summer reached the car, her next door neighbor, Mr. Johnson was walking by with his huge black Labrador retriever. The door pulled Mr. Johnson along right up to Summer attempting to poke his nose right under the teacher's short blue jean skirt. Summer was successful in preventing an embarrassing reveal of her hose tops and possibly her panties.

"Oh I am sorry Ms. Wayne. But, Butch is such a hound dog for women," Mr. Johnson said with a slight leer while looking the teacher over from head to toe.

"It is ok Mr. Johnson, he just caught me off guard," Summer replied.

"My oh my Ms. Wayne. Where are you headed to today dressed so sexily," Mr. Johnson asked.

"Oh, I am meeting some friends for lunch and thought I would dress up for a change," Summer nervously lied.

"Are these friends men Ms. Wayne? That outfit is certainly one I would think would be used to get lots of attention," Mr. Johnson said as he eased closer to the teacher.

Summer was now trapped between the car, Butch, the leash and Mr. Johnson. "No, Mr. Johnson I am meeting a group of teachers at our favorite tea shop for lunch and tea," replied the teacher.

"Well you certainly strike an exciting picture for me," said the smiling neighbor.

Summer swore she saw her neighbor nudge Butch towards her as she felt his wet nose now again between her legs. The dog's head was quite large and now that it was between her legs, the hem of Summer's skirt had worked up revealing the lace tops of her hose. Butch worked his head back and forth smelling the lotion that Summer had applied to her skin earlier. Mr. Johnson watched as Butch worked the teacher's skirt up her thighs revealing the very tops of her hose.

Summer bent over, forcing her skirt line up even further trying to push Butch's head from between her legs. The large dog moved ever so slightly which forced Summer to turn towards the Escalade where she put her left hand against the window pane for support as she pushed Butch's head from between her legs. While bent over, the bottom of Summer's red sweater rose up revealing the large Screaming Eagle tattoo spread across her back.

"Nice tattoo Ms. Wayne. I bet that hurt quite a bit when you laid down for it. I bet the tattoo artist really liked working on you," Mr. Johnson said.

"Please Mr. Johnson, get your dog from between my legs," Summer pleaded.

"Well you cannot really blame him now can you Ms. Wayne. But let's see what I can do," replied the neighbor as he had worked his way right next to the trapped teacher.

Mr. Johnson half-heartedly tugged on the bright red leash that was attached to the spiked red leather collar adorning Butch's neck. Summer could not afford for the spikes on the collar to rip her hose so she continued to press the dog's head down and away from between her legs.

Once Butch was fully removed from between the teacher's legs, Mr. Johnson was able to get a real good look at the teacher's body. He finally got to see the butterfly tattoos that adorned each of his neighbor's breasts. As Summer stood back up, Mr. Johnson noticed that her nipples were poking against the material of the red sweater and he could easily make out the piercings in each.

"Here, let me get the door to the car for you Ms. Wayne," Mr. Johnson said.

"No it is quite alright Mr. Johnson. Just pull Butch away please," replied the nerve wrecked teacher.

The dog had been successful in rubbing his wet nose against both of her thighs. And, unfortunately, Butch had pressed his nose into her crotch which forced the thin material of the crotch of her thing between her pussy lips.

"Oh Ms. Wayne, I insist," Mr. Johnson said as he reached across the front of the teacher forcing his elbow against her chest as he found the door latch of the Escalade.

It was an effort, but Mr. Johnson was able to get Butch to heel at the moment Summer thought. But, Mr. Johnson knew that Butch was well trained and until he had given the heel command, Butch was only going to act on his instincts. That meant that the teacher's pussy was quite wet and had a lovely fragrance like he had imagined.

Summer was pushed backwards by the big arm of her neighbor. She moved sideways to allow the Escalade door to be fully opened. Summer looked into the front seat and saw Derrick looking back with a big smile on his face. The driver was a former student of Summer's from four or five years ago. Here he was her personal driver for her newest day of degradation and humiliation, which Summer could do nothing about.

Summer placed her right foot onto the step board that came into position once the door was opened. Mr. Johnson helped her make her way into the captain's chair seat, but it left her legs fully exposed as her skirt, hem line already raised by Butch's assault, as the motion to get into the car had effectively forced the hem of her skirt up to the bottom of her ass cheeks.

Mr. Johnson got a great view of the tops of Summer's thighs, her ass and now was looking between her legs to see her panty covered pussy only that the crotch was pressed between her pussy lips and he could plainly see the piercing in each of them. Mr. Johnson could not take his eyes off of the creamy thighs and the treasure on display between them.

"Thank you Mr. Johnson for your help," the flustered teacher said.

"You are welcome Ms. Wayne. Have a great day as you have made my day and obviously Butch's day," replied the leering neighbor.

As the door closed, Summer was brought back to reality by Derrick, "Hi Ms. Wayne. It is good to see you and you look great."

"Oh thank you Derrick. I appreciate your compliment," Summer replied.

Summer saw that Derrick was not looking at her eyes as she found his eyes concentrating down between her legs. Summer looked down and was disturbed to find that her thong covered pussy was on full display and Derrick had a direct view of her crotch.

"I apologize for being so stressed Derrick. But, my neighbor's dog would not leave me alone," Summer said as she pulled her skirt down as best she could.

"You do not have to pull your skirt down on my account Ms. Wayne. I always wanted to look at your legs when I was in your class," Derrick replied.

Summer struggled to pull the hem of her skirt down, but because she was sitting on leather, her ass cheeks were stuck so she had to left her bottom off of the seat which only spread her legs wider. Of course Derrick took full advantage of the view between his former teacher's legs. Summer's legs had spread just wide enough for Derrick to see that the crotch of the thong had slipped between the teacher's pussy lips and he could see piercings in each.

Then Derrick started up the Escalade, and per Todd Spiller's instructions, Derrick turned the air conditioner up on full blast as he pulled away from the teacher's driveway. Once he had exited the subdivision, Derrick stopped the Escalade at a red light. He turned and looked at the teacher noticing that her top was not completely in place, which made her tattoos more prevalent. He handed a pair of headphones to his former teacher and said, "Todd said for you to put these on and watch the screen in front of you on our drive."

Summer took the headphones and quickly sat back in the captain chair. Her seat reclined slightly, which Summer figured was caused by Derrick. The screen turned on and there was the picture of the teacher with the black butt plug that she had inadvertently sent to her now young master when she replied to his initial responses on her since deleted profile.

The voice in the headphone was that of her young master. He guided Summer through her varies stages of submission up to the current position of being his fully submissive slut. He was pleased with her compliant submission and with her ever changing body through art as well as her new hairstyle as well the proper application of her make-up to conform to her slut persona.

Images of submission were flashed across the screen from the initial tanning salon adventures through her tattooing and piercing sessions with Marcos. She watched the screen as the Screaming Eagle tattoo was etched into the skin of her back while Marcos slid a long, thick black dildo in and out of her ass as it was strapped around his waist. She watched as she had orgasm after orgasm from the pain and invasion of her ass by the dildo.

The screen flipped back to her time bent over the fucking machine in the basement of the school gym. She watched as man after man fucked her ass and pussy while she was draped over the saw horse contraption with a mask covering her face. She heard herself cum multiple times as the men fucked her continuously that night.

The screen went black and then an image of her laying on her desk playing with her pussy while her young master fucked her last night. The sound in the headphones continued to be her young master's voice as he told her that she was fully his slut and to think otherwise was a mistake on her part. She really did not need to be blackmailed any more as her body and mind submitted to the stimulation presented to her constantly.

Her young master's voice then instructed her to close her eyes, spread her legs, unbutton her top and begin stroking her clit while squeezing, as well as twisting her nipples. Summer did not immediately comply with the verbal instructions as she did not want to be seen by a former student submitting in such a manner. However, her young master's stern voice made her compliance instinctual.

Summer slowly spread her legs and with both hands, unbuttoned the sweater. Once fully opened, Summer's nipples were met with cold air blown into the back seat from above falling directly on her nipples. Her nipples were already hard, but the new stimulation and cold air caused them to be rock hard.

After twisting each nipple for a brief moment, Summer's right hand slid down her stomach, over her bunched up skirt until it rested on the crotch of her panties. Her pierced clit lay hard below the panties and Summer could feel the piercing as she slowly began to rub her clit through her panties.

Summer's body began to react to all the stimulation of the attack of the dog, Mr. Johnson leering at her, the former student driving her around, her young master's voice and now her fingers. 

All the while she stroked her pussy and squeezed her nipples, her young master continued to reaffirm his control over her and her need to satisfy dominant men. She now knew that her pleasure was derived by pleasing those dominant people presented to her or through random events that brought out her submissiveness.

Summer found it difficult to fully stimulate her clit with her extended finger nails, but she found that by concentrating directly on the piercing, she was bringing herself ever closer to the orgasm her body now craved. Her young master's voice had been both stimulating and instructive. He had guided her through submission and now into providing pleasure. Her rewards were received when she pleased those she was with no matter the situation or location.

As her body was reaching orgasm, she felt a tap on her left leg. She was brought back to reality by Derrick's voice, "Summer, we are here. Sandy is waiting on you inside."

"Sandy," Summer asked.

"Yes, you have a tanning appointment. Your master has noticed that your tan lines were not quite as visible as he requires. Now hurry along," Derrick replied.

"Oh my God. Derrick knows about my submission to Todd," Summer said to herself.

"What do I do after tanning," Summer asked her young driver.

"I will be waiting outside for you," Derrick replied.

With that, Summer felt her seat raising upright and her door unlock. She took the headphones off of her head and handed them back to Derrick. Summer turned in her seat as she opened the door. She was thankful that the footboard was there as it was quite a ways down from the seat to the pavement.

Once she was solidly on the pavement, Summer closed the door and the car drove away. Summer noticed that she was not right in front of the salon, but at the rear entrance. Summer walked up to the door, but it would not open. Not knowing what to do and without being told what to do, Summer just stood by the door. After about five minutes, she heard the door open and was greeted by Sandy, "Oh hi there slut. It has been a while. Go into your room number seven and strip completely. I will be in shortly."

Without further instructions, Summer headed to her room. She could hear the echoes of her heels hitting the tile floor as she made her way to room seven. Once inside, Summer closed the door and relaxed in the familiarity of the room. Summer did not even bother to attempt to lock the door.

Summer first stripped off her button up light weight red sweater, which was followed by her button up blue jean skirt. She placed both items on the back of the only chair in the room. Summer then sat down on the chair to slip off her shoes and then to roll her hose down each leg. Summer then stood back up to remove her bra and slide her red thong down her legs. All of her clothes were now draped over the back of the chair and Summer stood next to the chair waiting on Sandy to reappear.

Summer waited for what felt like 30 minutes for Sandy to return to start her most recent degradation. Summer felt sweat forming just above her lips and across her forehead. The anticipation of waiting and not knowing was unnerving to the compliant teacher. She knew that she was required to stand until Sandy's return. "Why don't I just sit down to wait," Summer asked herself knowing full well that she had not been instructed to sit down.

A while longer in wait mode, Summer had time to reflect on the blow job glory hole from last night. How had she fallen to such depths of perversion at the hands of her high school master? How could such a stupid, but innocent picture sent to the wrong person lead to her new life. The cocks and the Sybian had taken her to new heights of depravity and orgasmic bliss. Summer's mind was controlled by her young master, but her body was reacting all on its own.

Summer looked into the mirror on the back of the door to room seven. Her nipples were standing at full attention from the piercings, but also from her body reacting to her memories. She looked at how her body had been modified by the piercings, tattoos on her breasts and above her pubic mound. The clit piercing was the one piercing that kept her continually sexually heightened. No matter what she wore, Summer found that anything touching the bar bell clit piercing caused her body to react. She found that her pussy was almost always wet as her juices kept the crotch of any panty moist, if not soaking wet.

Summer's hands involuntarily began to rub her breasts and then concentrate on her ever hardening nipples. Just a simple twist and her body reacted immediately to the stimulation. Summer's mind raced over the events of last night, the cock she had held this morning and now standing nude in the tanning salon.

The teacher's right hand ran down over her torso stopping to play with the bellybutton piercing. Looking into the mirror, Summer saw the silver T dangling from the piercing signifying her ownership. Summer's right hand then made its way over the stem of the rose tattoo and down to the rose bud bloom that hovered just above her pubic bone. Summer's fingers slipped past the rose but finding her erect clit. She found her piercing with her extended red painted nails. She found it difficult to stroke her clit with her fingers because of the nails, but she found that placing her clit and piercing between her index finger and middle finger. Summer spread her legs wider while she looked at herself in the mirror through slits in her eyes as her body began its spiral towards the needed orgasm.

As her body neared orgasm, Summer closed her eyes tightly, spread her legs even further and furiously stroked her clit as she twisted her nipples harder. She could feel her body drawing closer and closer to the orgasm she now needed in the worst way.

The door burst open and Sandy stood there looking at the teacher with her left hand twisting her nipples, her right hand stroking her pussy and her legs spread wide. "What the fuck are you doing slut," Sandy said without closing the door.

Summer gasped at being discovered and moaned because of the lost opportunity to achieve the orgasm she needed. "Sorry Sandy, I just needed relief this morning," the embarrassed teacher said.

"Well, you have become such a good slut for your master. He will be happy to know that you are always needing an orgasm," Sandy replied.

Summer pulled her legs back together and stood up straight with her hands by her side. Anxious that she had been discovered doing something that she had not been told to do, Summer hung her head without looking at Sandy. She did know that the door remained open and anyone walking by could see her in her current state of undress.

Summer did not notice the bag that Sandy had brought back with her into room seven. "Turn around slut and face the other wall," Sandy said.

Summer did not hesitate in following these new instructions. With her head still hung in compliance, Summer's body was now facing the wall with her backside and her Screaming Eagle tattoo was presented to Sandy's view.

"Wow that is a very nice tattoo slut. When will Marcos complete it for Master T," Sandy asked.

"I have not been told yet Miss Sandy," the teacher replied.

"Well, I bet it will quite beautiful slut. Now bend over the chair, place your hands on the seat, spread your legs out as far as you can and point your ass up as high as you can," Sandy replied.

Summer hesitated slightly. The big, athletic black woman had abused her before with her hands, a strap on and with a paddle. Summer did not want to be punished by Sandy as it would only make her current humiliation even more degrading. But, Summer was compliant to dominant people's instructions now. She found that she responded involuntarily with only slight pauses.

Once she had bent over the chair where she had placed all of her clothes and placed the palms of her hands flat on the seat, Summer slid her feet outwards as far as she could without losing her balance. Then as per instructed, the owned teacher raised her ass up towards the towering black woman.

Summer listened to Sandy to try and determine what she had in store for her. Summer felt a hand on her right ass cheek and then she felt cold liquid being dripped on the crack of her ass. Summer could feel the liquid move down her ass crack until it reached her ass hole. Summer felt a finger rubbing the liquid around her puffy ass hole and then slip inside. Another stream of liquid hit her ass crack and worked its way down to her anal passage helped along by Sandy's fingers.

Summer's ass cheek was released by Sandy and then Summer felt the familiar tip of a butt plug. Sandy began to work the tip of the plug into the bent over teacher's ass. She slowly slipped an inch in and then pulled it back out. Then Sandy would apply additional lubricant and then slip two inches inside the teacher's ass. After three pushes, the five inch long, one and a half diameter butt plug was securely inserted into the teacher's ass.

Next Sandy wasted little time to insert a large vibrating egg into the teacher's already wet pussy. Sandy did not have to add any lubricant to plant the egg deeply into the teacher's pussy.

"Ok slut, put on your tanning thong hanging there on the bed," Sandy instructed Summer.

Summer raised off of the chair and walked the short distance to the tanning bed. Summer noticed that the objects in her ass and pussy rubbed together as she walked. When she bent over to pull the G string on, Summer was struck by how full her body felt. 

Once Sandy saw that Summer had pulled the thong into place she verified that the thong rested along the pre-existing, though faded tan lines. "Ok slut, hold your hands over your head and face me," Sandy ordered.

Summer turned and faced her newest tormentor. She had no doubt that the next 20 minutes were going to be awful, but she had no choice but to comply as her hands rose above her head as instructed.

Summer watched as Sandy pulled the tabs from the familiar nipple covers. Sandy pulled each of Summer's nipples, quite hard and then applied the pads to each. "Here slip these on slut," Sandy said.

Sandy handed Summer the tanning eyewear and also headphones. Summer placed the headphones on her ears, sat down on the bed, slipped into the bed, put the eyewear on and then closed the top of the bed.

Summer lay there for a couple of minutes until the bed turned on and Summer's body was greeted by the warm heat from the tanning lamps. Just then, Summer heard the voice of her master. He began again telling her what a good slut she was and that she was making great progress in learning that she was totally compliant to dominant men, as well as women.

Over the course of twenty minutes Todd's voice brought Summer to the edge of numerous orgasms. Near the end of the 20 minute period, the butt plug and egg jumped to life. Summer's body shook in orgasm from the intensity of the vibrations as well as the manipulation of her clit by her extended fingernails.

Todd's last instructions were that she would be taken to Meehan's Pub where she will sit on a bar stool and her favorite waitress would be there to make sure she received great service as well as an ample supply of tequila. Summer was also informed that there were two men that would be visiting her during the afternoon. Each man held the remote control to one of the vibrators now located in her ass and pussy. Summer was to satisfy each man's instructions in any manner the man saw fit.

By the time the tanning bed shut off, Summer's body had been wracked by multiple orgasms and she was terrified by the thought that someone she might know would have control of her body.

Summer put those thoughts out of her mind as she raised the lid of the tanning bed. She sat on the edge of the bed and noticed the pool of sweat on the bed's surface. The angle that she was sitting on the bed caused the butt plug to push deeper inside her ass.

Sandy came into room seven just as Summer stood up. Sandy came over and pulled the nipple covers off without any fanfare. This caused Summer to yelp slightly, but she noticed that her nipples were hardening once again.

"Strip off that tanning thong slut," Sandy ordered.

Summer complied with Sandy's instructions sliding the thong off of her body. "Now bend over the chair and spread your ass cheeks, slut," Sandy ordered.

Knowing full well that Sandy was acting on direct instructions from Master T, Summer stepped over to the chair, bent over the back of the chair, spread her feet as wide as possible and then reached behind her to pull her ass cheeks outward.

Summer watched as Sandy walked up behind her. Next, Summer felt a cold liquid being spread on her pussy lips, clit and around the base of the butt plug buried deep inside her ass. Summer was made to wait while Sandy walked out of room seven. Summer did not hear the door shut so she surmised that the tanning salon attendant had purposefully left her exposed to anyone that had the occasion to walk by the room.

After what seemed like forever, Sandy walked back into the room. "Ok slut, you can get dressed now."

"Miss Sandy, what did you rub on me," Summer asked.

"Oh, it is that special concoction that Marcos used on you when he first pierced your nipples, ears and pussy lips. Master T thought you would enjoy how the liquid would make you feel today," Sandy replied. "Now quit stalling and get dressed. I need the room."

Summer struggle getting dressed as her body was weak from the orgasms and with the fear of things to come in the afternoon. She noticed that her pussy lips and clit were beginning to warm as was her asshole.

Sandy watched the teacher struggle to dress. She smiled as she thought about all the things that Summer's young master had in store for her today. Once she saw that Summer was fully dressed Sandy said, "Now stay right here until I come back into this room."

Summer stood so that she could place her left hand on the back of the chair to steady herself. Her body was still coming down from the multiple orgasms. Sandy walked back into the room and handed Summer cleaning solution and a rag. "Slut, you sweat like a pig. Clean the bed before you leave," Sandy ordered.

Summer took the items and turned towards the bed. Sandy turned and left the room, but did not shut the door behind her. Summer did not pay attention to Sandy's departure as she knew that she was going to be late to Meehan's Pub and she did not want punishment from Barb or from her young master.

Summer bent over at the waist and sprayed the bed. Next she placed her left hand on the edge of the bed to give herself support as she ran the rag over the entire surface of the bed. Summer felt the hem of her skirt rise up above her stocking tops, but she had no choice but to continue cleaning. She could hear voices from other areas of the salon, but did not know that there were two men standing in the door way watching the bent over teacher cleaning her own bed.

Summer was brought back to realty when she heard Sandy's voice, "Yes, she sweats like a slut pig."

Summer then realized that she had been watched by strangers, which added to her humiliation and degradation. But, she felt a slight twinge of excitement knowing that two men had been afforded the opportunity to see her hose and possibly her ass. "Damn, what is wrong with me," the teacher said to herself.

"Ok slut you are done. Your Uber driver is waiting for you out front," Sandy said.

Summer was forced to walk down the long corridor where she had been photographed for a potential tanning advertising campaign early in her submission to her young master. She had been thankful that her face had not appeared, though she had seen full body posters of herself, not showing her face. However, that body had not been modified as it was now so maybe no one would recognize her.

Summer exited the salon and found the black Escalade. She opened the door, stepped onto the running board and sat in her passenger seat. As soon as she closed the door, Derrick gunned the engine and roared out of the parking lot.

"Slut, there is a bottle there in the arm rest. Your Master T said for you to drink it before we arrive at Meehan's.

Summer opened the arm rest and fished out the bottle. Summer noticed that the cap was not sealed so she knew that whatever concoction was in the bottle, it had been put there by her young master.

By the time the Escalade stopped in front of Meehan's, Summer had consumed the contents of the bottle, re-applied her make-up just right and had fluffed her hair. Summer exited the Escalade and Derrick pulled out of the parking lot.

Summer opened the oak door of the pub and walked the 20 steps to the bar. There was a stool near the end of the back of the bar. Summer was startled by a sudden shout by several people in the bar. She realized that it was football season as every TV in the pub was dialed to a different game. Summer was just a little woozy as she climbed up onto the bar stool. She adjusted her skirt trying to hide the tops of her hose. She found that the tops of her thigh hi's peeked out from the skirt so there was nothing she could do about men being able to see that she was wearing hose.

Just then Barb came over and placed two shot glasses down in front of Summer. "Drink the red one first slut. It is a Sex on the Beach shooter. Then drink the second one, Cum on your tongue," Barb ordered. "When you are finished, turn each of the glasses upside down so I can confirm that you drank them all."

Summer reached for the red shot glass with trembling hands. She was not a big drinker and the thought that she was being forced to down two shots immediately left her quite unnerved. Also, the bottle of water had tasted funny and she imagined that somehow her young master had probably spiked her water. Summer downed the Sex on the Beach shot then reached for the Cum on your tongue shot glass and quickly downed it. Both shot glasses were placed in front of her upside down as she had been directed.

Summer felt her body begin to warm all over. Her throat burned only a little, but she felt like she was in a euphoric state as the liquids all mixed together. "Slut, your drinks should be making you feel relaxed and a little euphoric. Your master added a couple of drops of Marcos' special concoction that should make your pussy feel like it is on fire in just a couple of minutes. Now, uncross and re-cross your legs making sure that the hem of your skirt is raised above the lace of your hose," ordered Barb the bartender.

Summer did as she was instructed and then felt the vibrator in her pussy jump to life. She was startled by the intensity and by the fear of what man had control of her pussy vibrator. Summer shifted on the bar stool slightly rocking to try and avoid the inevitable stimulation that the vibrator, the place, her attire and an unknown man having control over her body.

Summer's body began to edge towards another orgasm as the vibrator in her pussy was going up and down in strength. She rested her elbows on the bar hoping to gain balance and control over her body. However, it was not to be as the vibrator in her ass sprang to life. "Oh my god, both men are here," Summer said out loud.

Then the intensity of the vibrators began to increase and decrease in tandem with one another, which meant that the vibrations were edging the teacher closer and closer to an orgasm there at the bar. Summer squeezed her legs tightly together and closed her eyes briefly to gain control of her body. Then, just as suddenly, the vibrations stopped.

Summer let out a low, but audible moan. When she opened her eyes, she was met with the smiling face of her bartender Barb. "Well, I guess you were very close to cumming weren't you slut. Here drink this as it will calm your nerves."

Barb handed the overly excited teacher a shot glass filled with tequila. Barb also placed a napkin in front of the teacher with a lime resting on it. Barb handed Summer a salt shaker and said, "Lick between your thumb and index finger, spread the salt, lick it and then suck down that shot. Then suck the lime to take the sting out of the tequila."

Summer did as she was told and she thought that her throat was on fire. Also, she could feel the tequila run down her Esophagus landing in her stomach. Then, the vibrator in her pussy sprang back to life. The owner of the remote began running the intensity of the vibrations up and down the full range of the control device. 

What Summer could not know was that the owner of the remote was sitting at a table with two other men who had no idea what the man was doing. The man with the remote control of the device in Summer's ass sat at an adjacent table with his date as well as one of her friends.

The men looked at one another with knowing smiles. Each was an acquaintance of Bill Fraser via real estate transactions and had had several encounters with Bill's latest slut acquisition, Lisa, who is a close friend of the teacher's, but Bill had totally transformed the real estate agent into his personal sex slave along with her husband Steve. Both men had heard how Lisa and Steve had dominated the teacher previously. Todd Spillers, a protégé of Bill's had found out what Lisa and her husband had done to Summer, complained to Bill and Lisa had been transformed.

The vibrator in Summer's pussy stopped. But, immediately the vibrator in her ass sprang to life. The owner of that remote did not vary the intensity, he went straight to the highest setting and let it go to work in the teacher's ass.

Both men watched the teacher grip the bar, straighten up and then they watched as she uncrossed her legs trying to press her legs close together fighting her body's need to orgasm. Summer had pressed her lips tightly together and had pressed her ass cheeks down as hard as she could onto the wooden bar stool.

Just then, the vibrator in her ass went motionless. Summer did not realize it immediately because she had been concentrating so hard trying not to cum that her mind did not register the loss of stimulation in her ass.

"So, slut. How do those vibrators feel inside you," Barb asked.

Summer looked up and did not fully understand what had been asked of her. "What did you say," Summer replied.

Loudly Barb replied, "I asked you slut how do the vibrators feel inside your ass and pussy."

Summer did not reply as there was no need to do so. The look on Barb's face was all that Summer needed to see to know that Barb was just turning the screws even more adding to Summer's humiliation in the public bar setting.

Summer looked across the bar at the mirrored wall. She could plainly see herself in the mirror and she noticed how her nipples were pressing against the thin material of her lightweight sweater top. She could easily see her blue butterfly tattoos on each breasts.

"Hi sexy, can I buy you a drink," a stranger's voice bringing Summer back to the reality of her situation.

Summer looked at the man in the mirror and noticed that he was looking down her top. "Thank you, but I just finished a drink," Summer replied.

The man placed his remote control on the bar next to Summer's empty shot glasses. "I will ask you again. Can I buy you a drink," the man said.

Summer looked at the man's hand and saw the remote control device. She silently said, "Oh no," to herself.

"Yes sir, I would love for you to buy me a drink," Summer replied.

"Good girl. I like it when sluts follow directions," the stranger said. "What would you like?"

"Sir, I am not much of a drinker," Summer replied.

"Well I do not believe you with three shot glasses in front of you," the stranger replied.

Summer's body was betraying her. The ointment that Sandy had applied to her pussy lips, clit and ass hole were working their magic on the teacher. The butt plug vibrator and vibrating egg both had done their job of bringing Summer to the brink of several orgasms. But, the teacher was frustrated because her body needed an orgasm, but her newest tormentors were keeping her on edge, but not permitting her to cum.

"So what kind of shots did you have," the man asked.

"Barb the bartender brought me a shot of tequila, a Sex on the Beach shooter and something called Cum on your tongue," Summer replied.

"Cum on your tongue, that sounds interesting," the man replied.

The man then picked up the remote and whispered into Summer's ear, "Have Barb make you a double Cum on your tongue shot and then bring it over to my table."

The man turned and walked away leaving Summer sitting at the bar worried about her next humiliation. She watched him in the mirror and saw that he went to the table with two women.

Summer caught Barb's attention and watched as the bartender walked down the bar towards her. Summer noticed that Barb was not wearing a bra and her top barely held her ample breasts inside it. Summer could also see that each of Barb's nipples had been pierced with what looked like ring piercings where her own piercings looked like small bar bells. "I wonder if her pussy lips are pierced," Summer asked herself.

"What can I do for you slut," Barb asked.

"Can I please have a double Cum on your tongue shot Miss Barb," Summer asked.

"Well of course you can slut. But first, go into the restroom, take off your bra and bring it back to me," Barb said and just as quickly turned away from the stunned teacher.

"Oh my God, what is going to happen to me," Summer said to herself. Summer waited a couple of minutes to see if she could avoid the trip to the restroom, but she caught Barb's glaring eyes and she realized that she had no choice.

The stranger watched the teacher slip off of the wooden barstool. He was able to see the lace tops of the thigh hi's on each leg before the teacher straightened her skirt as best she could. His girlfriend had also watched the teacher and she elbowed her friend. There were more than three sets of eyes watching the teacher though as the second stranger and his three friends had their eyes fixed on the teacher.

Summer was unable to quickly navigate the distance from the bar to the restroom. The drinks combined with whatever concoction her young master had placed in her drinks were causing her to continue to stay in her euphoric state. However, the ointment was causing her pussy and ass hole to require attention. Each step forced the thin strip of material of the crotch of her red thong between her pussy lips causing her erect clit to be further stimulated by the material as well as the movement of the teacher's thighs as she walked.

Summer's body was on fire. The situation was having the effect on the teacher that it always did. Her body and mind were responding to dominant people in a public place. Her need to please was once again overriding the teacher's morals and she needed the stimulation of an orgasm badly.

While in the restroom, Summer decided to take advantage of the opportunity to relieve herself. She went into the first stall, which was the oversized handicap stall. She could sit on the toilet, relieve herself and she could wash her hands there in the stall. The stall would also afford her the privacy that she would need to take off her sweater so that she could remove her bra.

As Summer pulled her skirt up and slipped her thumbs in the thin waist band of her thong, the door to the restroom opened. Summer heard the voices of two women as she lowered her thong down to her knees and then sat down on the toilet. Summer listened as the two women laughed and then went into separate stalls. Summer was glad that she had chosen the larger stall because she had some privacy.

Once Summer had finished relieving herself, she flushed the toilet, pulled her thong back into place making sure to cover her pussy lip piercings and then she re-worked each of the lace tops of her thigh hi's hoping to be able to conceal them better under her short button blue jean skirt.

Once she was satisfied that she had covered as much as she could, Summer began to unbutton the buttons on her sweater. Once finished, the teacher let the shoulders of the sweater slip off and then down her arms. Summer took the sweater and hung it on the back of the stall door. Summer reached behind her back and unclasped the bra and pulled it from her body.

Facing the mirror that was just above the lavatory, Summer examined the tattoos on each breasts as well as her nipple piercings. The cold air of the bathroom as well as the sexual stimulation that had been administered to her caused her nipples to be fully erect and hard as rocks. Summer touched each of her nipples and let out a low moan. Summer was under the influence of the alcohol, the drug concoction made by her young master and the ointment that Sandy had smeared on her pussy lips, clit and asshole. Summer's body felt full because of the vibrating butt plug buried deeply in her ass as well as what felt like a very large vibrating egg buried quite deeply in her pussy.

Lost in the eroticism of being partially nude in the restroom and under the influence of so many stimulations, the teacher slowly lowered her right hand down her body pausing slightly to fondle the bellybutton piercing and then to the waist band of her skirt. Summer quickly slide her hands down to the hem of the skirt and pulled it up her legs. Summer was watching herself in the mirror as the tops of her hose came into view. Next, Summer saw the crotch of her panties come into view followed by the rose bud rising above the top of her thong.

Summer pulled the front of her thong down until the thin straps were stretched between her knees. Sumer looked at the complete rose stem tattoo that adorned her lower abdomen. She looked at the rose bud sitting right above her pelvic bone and looked at the stem of the rose that trailed upward beyond the thin strip of white from her tanning thong line.

Summer slid her right hand between her pussy lips as her left hand went directly to her nipple. Summer began to stroke her clit and while alternately squeezing her nipples hoping to achieve a quick and fulfilling orgasm before she had to go back into the bar to suffer whatever humiliation awaited her.

The two women knew that the teacher was in the oversized handicap stall and knew that she had been instructed to remove her bra. What they had not expected was to see the teacher standing in the stall with her feet spread widely. They could not see into the stall, but they guessed that the teacher was playing with herself.

The two women were silent as they listened and were rewarded with the low moans of a woman nearing orgasm. The leader, Amber, slipped a dime from her purse, inserted the dime in the slot of the stall lock and quietly turned it. She was pleased that she was able to silently unlock the stall door. Amber pulled the door open slightly so that she and Dawn could see what the teacher was up to.

They both could see Summer, but she did not see them as she was facing away from the door. Amber and Dawn got a great look at Summer's Screaming Eagle tattoo that went across the teacher's back. The hem of the blue jean skirt was pulled up over her waist which gave them a view of the lace tops of the teacher's thigh hi hose as well as her ass. Amber and Dawn could see the lower portion of the Screaming Eagle tattoos as the talons of the Eagle were visible just above the teacher's ass crack.

Summer's legs were spread as far apart as they could be given that her red thong panties were stretched between her knees. That is when she heard, "Wow, what a great ass you have Summer," Amber said.

Summer quickly covered her breasts and pussy when she looked in the mirror to see two strange women staring at her. "How do you know my name," Summer asked.

"Oh, I guess the owner of this remote gave us your name," Amber said as she held the remote for Summer to see.

Let's see how it works," Dawn said.

Summer watched as Amber flipped a switch on the remote and the butt plug in her ass sprang to life. Summer had to take a deep breath trying not to moan. The two women just watched the teacher and could tell that her body would soon betray her.

Summer watched as the woman with the remote smiled wickedly as she turned up the vibration intensity for the butt plug. The strength was too much for Summer and she had to push back against the lavatory to give her body some support as the vibrations in her ass caused both instruments of pleasure as well as torment to rub together. Summer was thankful that the remote controller for the egg in her pussy was not in these two women's possession. 

"What do you want," Summer said strongly.

"Well, we want you to put your hands above your head," Amber said.

"I will do no such thing," Summer replied angrily.

As the restroom had three stalls and had a lock, Summer watched in horror as the second woman, without the controller, walk to the door and lock it. "Now we can have some privacy," Dawn said.

Amber turned the switch on the controller to the variable position so the vibrations in Summer's ass would fluctuate manually. Summer watched as the woman placed the controller in her pocketbook and then zip it securely. Both women walked into the stall with Amber saying, "Look slut. You really do not have a choice. We are here at your young master's direction to my boyfriend. You will do what you are told to do."

"I do not know who you think you are, but I will not do what you tell me to do," Summer replied.

Summer watched as the other woman, Dawn took out her cellphone and snapped a picture of Summer with her skirt up over her waist, panties pulled down to her knees, but they fell further as her legs were pressed together. Summer's hands were trying to cover her breasts and bald pussy, but Dawn's camera snapped off a great picture showing Summer there in the stall. The butt plug secured deeply in the teacher's ass continue to change vibration levels.

"Your young master told us that you would not comply right away because you get off on submitting to men and their cocks. So, Dawn here will be sending this picture to your master," Amber said.

Summer watched in agony as the woman called Dawn typed into her phone. "There, sent to your Master T," Dawn said.

Within 20 seconds, Summer heard her cell phone ding. She knew the ding was from a text message and that it was more than likely from her young master. Summer's phone was in her pocket book which was hanging on the hook on the back side of the stall door. "Could you please hand me my pocketbook," Summer asked Amber as she was closest to the door.

"Get it yourself slut," Amber replied.

The two women stood between Summer and the stall door. Neither made an effort to move out of the way as Summer reached between the two women who were at least three inches taller than the trapped teacher. Summer of course had to uncover her body to reach between the two women, which was their intent.

Summer set her pocketbook on the lavatory and fished out her phone. She slid her finger across the IPhone face and saw that she indeed had a text message. Summer's trembling finger touched the messenger icon, which opened the messenger app. There in black in white was a text message from Master T, "Slut, take your skirt off, put your hands over your head, and tell Dawn and Amber that you will do everything they say."

Summer turned her back to the two women who she now knew as Amber (who had had the remote control for the butt plug in her ass) and Dawn. Summer texted back, "Yes Master T, sorry to have disappointed you."

"Let me see your phone slut," Amber ordered.

Summer turned around and handed the phone to Amber. Amber read the last text to the teacher's master and smiled. "Ok Dawn, you can unlock the restroom door. You and I will be in here with Summer for our privacy," Amber said.

Both women stood there looking at Summer. Neither moved, but each pair of eyes roamed up and down Summer's body. "We are waiting," Dawn said.

Succumbing to her situation, again, the owned teacher unbuttoned the top two buttons on her blue jean skirt and let it fall to the floor where it gather between her ankles with her red thong. "Take them both off and hand them to me," Amber ordered.

Summer stepped out of her skirt and bent over to take the panties off of her heels. As she reached for her panties, Dawn exited the stall and unlocked the restroom door. All the while, the stall door was left open so that anyone coming in would see Summer nude.

As Summer then reached for her skirt and now held her panties in one hand and her skirt in the other. As she straightened back up, the vibrator in her pussy jumped to life. Summer had not seen Dawn reach into her pocketbook and retrieve the second controller. Summer's body reacted immediately to the new stimulation. Both insertions were stimulating different nerve endings in the teacher's cavities.

"Follow your orders slut," Amber said to the stimulated teacher.

Summer knew what she meant and slowly raised her hands above her head and then said, "My Master told me to tell you both that I will do everything you say."

"In unison, both Amber and Dawn said, "Perfect."

Amber took the lead and told Summer to turn around and place her hands on the lavatory. Next Summer was instructed to spread her legs as far apart as possible and to rest her forehead on the sink top. After complying, Summer felt the vibrator in her ass stop vibrating, while the egg in her pussy intensity was increased. Summer felt one of the women pull the base of the butt plug. Her body did not want the butt plug removed and the muscles around the plug tried in vain to hold it in place. The vibrating egg in her pussy was forcing Summer's body to creep ever so closely to an orgasm.

"Now, with your forehead remaining on the sink top, use your hands to pull your ass apart as wide as you can," Amber said.

Bent at the waist as she was, Summer's body had been supported more with her hands and arms. Now her upper body weight would only be supported with her forehead. Summer felt a hard slap on her ass indicating that she was taking too long to comply. The vibration in her pussy increased so high that it caused the bent over teacher to raise up on her toes, further pressing her forehead down onto the sink top.

As Summer reached around to grasp each of her ass cheeks, the door to the restroom opened. The noise from the pub filtered loudly into the restroom and Summer was not sure if Dawn had re-closed the stall door, but nonetheless the teacher pulled her ass cheeks apart.

Both women were pleased with the teacher's compliance. The two women got a good look at the teacher' asshole as it gaped open from having had the butt plug just removed. Summer felt something cold land directly in her ass crack and jumped just a little. The liquid started running down her crack towards her ass hole. Summer felt something between her cheeks as it apparently was rubbing the liquid up and down her ass crack.

Summer felt additional liquid being dropped in her crack as whatever was being rubbed in her crack was easily sliding up and down. And then Summer felt the tip of the object placed against her ass hole. With her forehead pressed down against the sink top and her hands holding her ass cheeks apart, Summer could not do anything to prevent this newest invasion of her body. Whatever was being pushed inside her was smaller than the butt plug that had been shoved into her ass at the salon.

Summer felt the instrument being pulled back out of her ass, but then it was plunged back into her ass. After several minutes of the instrument being fucked in and out of her ass, Summer was told to stand up, but keep her hands pulling her ass cheeks apart.

As Summer straightened up, she looked in the mirror to find Dawn standing behind her with an evil look on her face. Summer watched as Amber moved in front of her and then she saw that Amber had pulled her loose fitting skirt up around her waist and she was not wearing any panties. Summer also immediately noticed that Amber's pussy was covered by a large amount of pubic hair.

As Amber positioned her ass on the counter top, Dawn said, "Ok slut, bend down and lick that hairy pussy while I fuck you."

Summer did not move and she moved her hands away from her ass cheeks. Amber reached up, grabbed Summer's hair with both hands and tugged quite hard. "Listen slut, you will suck my pussy right here and right now," Amber said.

As support for the directions, Summer felt two quick and hard slaps on her ass cheeks from Dawn. When Summer did not respond, Amber pulled harder on the teacher's hair and began to lower Summer back down to the bent position she was in earlier. Dawn continued to slap the teacher's ass until she was completely bent at the waist.

"Now reach back and grab your ass cheeks slut," Dawn said.

Amber continued to pull the teacher's hair and Summer felt like her hair would be pulled out by the roots. She slid her hands back around her ass cheeks, spread them as far as she could and then allowed Amber to guider her face into the hairy, but surprisingly moist pussy. Once her face was buried in Amber's pussy, Summer felt the tip of the instrument being inserted into her ass once again. Only this time, the instrument turned out to be a dildo that was attached to a harness wrapped around Dawn's waist. Dawn buried the dildo completely into the bent over teacher until her thighs were pressed against the thighs of the teacher.

Amber began to work her pussy against the teacher's face and said, "Go ahead slut, suck my pussy."

To reinforce the directions, Amber pulled Summer's hair forcing her deeper against the hair pussy. Summer had only sucked bald pussies to this point, but she had no choice but to work her tongue and lips against Amber's pussy in the hope that her degradation and humiliation would soon be over. The trapped teacher began to lick the pussy with her tongue and she attempted to find the woman's clit as she was being pulled tightly against the woman. Dawn in the meantime had begun a rough assault on the teacher's ass hole. The harness provided a stub against which Dawn's own shaved pussy could be rubbed in an effort to help her achieve an orgasm.

The egg buried deep in Summer's pussy suddenly sprung to life. She was now bent at the waist with her mouth pressed against Amber's hairy pussy, her tongue licking as best she could, her own pussy was now being stimulated by the egg that had been inserted by Sandy at the salon and Dawn was fucking the teacher' ass with a strap on dildo. All of this was occurring in the oversized handicap stall in the restroom of Meehan's Pub. Unbelievably, no other woman had come into the restroom since Summer had been ordered by Barb inside to take off her bra.

Summer's efforts on Amber's hairy pussy were apparently causing her to move her hips in concert with her hands as she pulled and released Summer from her pussy. Amber was using Summer's hair like a bridle and was guiding Summer in her pussy licking. To aid the teacher, the pummeling she was taking from Dawn forced Summer's tongue deep inside the hairy pussy.

Summer's mind of course was on overload. Here she was being forced by two women to submit to their desires all the while an egg buried deep in her pussy was bringing her closer to another orgasm. The dildo being fucked in and out of her ass was rubbing against the egg each time that Dawn pushed it deeper into Summer's dark passageway.

Summer could feel her body approaching orgasm. There was just too much stimulation both mentally and physically for her body to hold out much longer. She did not want to cum, but her body had other needs.

Amber pulled Summer's face even tighter against her hairy sopping wet pussy and said, "Dawn, fuck the slut. I am going to cum."

With that, Summer felt Amber's body erupt in orgasm splashing her face with an ejaculation that she had never seen or felt before. Amber's pussy juice exploded all over the teacher's face and into her mouth. Summer felt like she was going to suffocate because of the amount of liquid coming out of Amber's pussy that was going up her nostrils and into her mouth.

Summer could feel Dawn's thrusts suddenly increase in rapidness as well as strength. "Amber, this teacher is some kind of slut. I have never been with a woman that is this submissive," Dawn moaned as her body first tensed and then erupted in orgasm as her clit pressed against the stub of the harness. That was all that Summer's body needed as she had submitted to two complete strangers, though they were women, and had helped each to have an orgasm. Summer's body just could not hold out any longer. Her moans of pleasure were muffled by the pussy in which her face and mouth were still buried. Amber kept pulling Summer tightly against her pussy as her body was finally able to settle down from her orgasm. Dawn, meanwhile had fallen forward against the bent over teacher and her pressed her body down onto Summer's back with the dildo still buried in her ass.

All three women stayed still and quiet for a few more moments. Then, Amber looked at Dawn, both smiled at one another and then started to giggle. Summer still stuffed with the dildo and her face planted between Amber's thighs heard the giggling, but did not know why.

Amber released the teacher's hair and pushed her away. Dawn backed away from Summer which allowed the dildo to slip from the teacher's ass. Summer did not move as she had not been told to do so. Summer watched as Amber pulled the hem of her skirt back down over her hips. Summer realized that Amber was without panties when she came into the restroom.

Summer watched as Dawn walked up beside Amber and the two women kissed. The dildo that had been in Summer's ass was protruding directly from Dawn's pubic area just like a man's cock would. Summer noticed that the dildo was covered with a slight film, but surprisingly, she did not see any dark liquids on it.

"Ok slut, you can stand up now," Dawn said to Summer.

As Summer raised up, she felt the vibrator in her pussy turn off. Amber handed the vibrating butt plug back to Summer and instructed her to reinsert it in her ass. Summer quickly complied and was pleased that the butt plug went back into her ass without much pain. Summer knew that her sphincter muscles were now getting looser with each humiliating experience dreamed up by her young master.

"Get cleaned up slut and then go back to your bar stool. Barb will have something for you to drink to help quench your thirst. You are definitely a great fuck," Dawn told the teacher.

Both women adjusted their clothing, looked in the mirror to fluff their hair and then left Summer alone in the stall. Summer looked at herself and saw a used slut. Her hair was a mess, her make-up was smeared and on her face she saw traces, more like blotches of pussy juice that was spewed on her when Amber came. Summer turned around to see that her ass glowed a bright red from the spanking that Dawn had administered while she fucked the teacher's ass. Summer reached between her ass cheeks to find that her asshole was wrapped around the tapered end of the butt plug and she pulled on the base. Summer immediately found that her ass muscles clamped down on the plug refusing to let it be removed.

Summer's eyes swelled and tears began to flow down her cheeks. She grabbed the lavatory countertop to steady herself before she erupted in a full blown crying fest. Summer thought about all of the recent events that could directly be tied back to the stupid picture she had sent unwittingly to a man on that website that turned out to be a high school student in her English class. He had be surfing the site with a fake profile when he hooked the teacher.

Summer's eyes were flooded with tears, her ass was red, her asshole felt used, but empty and her pussy had that nagging feeling of need. Summer could not shake the feeling of despair, but she noticed that her nipples had remained hard as rocks as she looked at herself in the mirror. She found that her breathing was shallow and rapid. She ran a finger over her pussy lips, felt the wire receiver string and noticed how wet she was. The touch of her finger against her pierced clit sent a shiver over the owned teacher's body.

Summer looked at herself in the mirror and then her body began to react to the recent attack as well as the degrading way she had been treated by the two women. "How can my body need another orgasm," Summer mumbled to herself.

But, an orgasm is exactly what the teacher's body needed. Summer raised her left hand to her breasts and began to alternate between each by squeezing as well as pulling her pierced nipples. With her elongated fingernails, Summer used the tip to stimulate the clit piercing and with her pussy muscles, the teacher grasp the vibrating egg that was still buried deep inside her. Quietly, Summer wished she had the controlling device. Summer's ass grasped at the base of the butt plug that she had buried back into her ass at the direction of Amber.

Summer's manipulations of her nipples and her clit were having the needed effect on the teacher. Her body needed release even though her mind told her that it was not a good thing to do. Summer noticed that her body told her that when presented with a humiliating and degrading situation, that a proper release was required. She pulled her left nipple as hard as she could and found just the right spot on her pierced clit which allowed her body to erupt in joyous orgasm.

Summer was lost in the throes of orgasm and did not notice that a woman had walked into the restroom. Summer also did not realize that when Amber and Dawn left her, they did not bother to close the stall door. "Oh my God honey, are you that desperate to have an orgasm," a stranger's voice drew Summer from her orgasmic stupor.

Summer looked towards the voice and only then realized that the stall door was open, that her hand was still fingering her swollen clit and her left nipple was stretched to its limit. "Oh my God," Summer said.

Summer walked to the stall door while lowering her head as she closed the door and locked it. She then realized that her blue jean skirt was still bunched up around her waist, she had no panties on, her bra and red sweater were hanging from the hook on the door. Pools of tears once again formed in the teacher's eyes. She just shook all over at being discovered and realizing that no matter what she thought, she indeed was a slut. The degradation and humiliation only heightened her need to submit.

Summer calmed her nerves as the woman that came into the restroom went about her business and quickly left without any more contact with the teacher.

Summer quickly went about pulling herself back together. She had instructions to go back to the bar to consume whatever concoction that Barb had waiting for her. She had to reapply her make-up in the slutty fashion that she had become accustomed to since her submission to her young master. Summer then worked on her hair trying to remove the tangles from the harsh treatment that Amber had applied as she used Summer's hair to draw her into her hairy, wet pussy.

Summer puller her panties back up securing the butt plug in her ass though she really did not need to do that and also ensuring that the receiver cord of the egg was at least concealed by the crotch of the thin fabric of her red thong. No matter how she adjusted the crotch, her pierced pussy lips were exposed as the thin slice of the panty crotch slid between her lips due to them being totally wet as well as enlarged from all of the sexual action that she had just encountered.

Summer then pulled her skirt back down and into place. She took her red shelf bra off of the hook on the back of the stall door and placed it in her pocketbook. She then put her light weight sweater back on and buttoned it into place. The first thing Summer noticed was that her nipples pushed tightly against the fabric of the sweater. Secondly, because there was no support for her breasts, they sagged only a little, but the effect was to strain the buttons of the sweater thus creating glimpses of her breasts between the button holes. Also, her butterfly tattoos seemed to stand out more prominently when her breasts were not encased in a bra.

Summer gave herself a once over look. Her bellybutton piercing was prominently visible. She turned her back to the mirror and could see just the upper portion of the Screaming Eagle tattoo peeking above the waist band of her skirt. Thankfully, the MT designed tattoo at the base of her skull was hidden by her hair. The upturned portion of her rose tattoo did not rise above the waistband of her skirt at her stomach, but Summer pulled the skirt down slightly and anyone could easily see the beginnings of her tattoo. Summer pulled her skirt up as high as possible, but realized that more of the lace tops of her thigh hi hosiery was visible. Resigned to having to potentially expose the tattoo, Summer pulled the skirt back down in order to conceal as much of her hose tops as was possible.

Once she was satisfied that, if Master T was in the bar, he would be pleased with how she looked, she unlocked the stall door and stepped back into the pub. The noise was loud as various groups watched their game of interest. Summer had no real football interest, though she did follow the state university football team because her twin sons went there. That reminded the teacher that her son's friend, Justin, was still with them and would be there through the night. Summer shivered at the encounter she had with the well-endowed friend in her basement that morning.

Summer found her way to the bar where, sure enough, Barb has a drink waiting for her. Summer took the glass before sitting onto the tall bar stool and drank two quick swallows of what she later learned was a Long Island Ice Tea. This seemed to quench her thirst, but the remnants of the previous concoctions as well as the ointment that had been applied to her pussy lips, clit and asshole began to work their magic on the teacher. Summer had forgotten about the ointment during the bathroom degradation, but her thoughts of the scene only made the ointment more active causing the teacher to sit down quickly to try and squash the itch that would not quit.

"Where is your bra slut," Barb asked.

"It is in my purse Barb," Summer replied.

"Give it to me like you were instructed to do," Barb said.

Summer pulled her purse into her lap and then pulled out the folded bra. Summer watched as Barb hung the bra on a hook near the whiskey section of the bar. No anyone sitting at the bar would know that Summer did not have a bra on.

Summer settled onto her seat and mindlessly listened to all that was going on around her. She was hopeful that whatever humiliation was going to be thrust upon her, was that it would happen quickly. She wanted to get home so that she could first rest, then enjoy her sons when they got home from the lake, which was supposed to be at 10:00 PM.

As Summer drank the last bit of her Long Island Ice Tea, the vibrator in her pussy went off. She was startled by the sudden jolt. She grabbed the edge of her seat with both hands so that she could steady herself. But, the butt plug in her ass then started up. The vibrations were almost continuous now. The intensity of one device would reduce while the other device roared to its maximum. Involuntarily, the owned teacher's body got into a rhythm with the devices. Summer felt herself slowly rocking into the seat of the tall bar stool. The two men with the remotes were following the instructions as Bill Fraser had required. They were to keep Summer on orgasmic alert, but not let her cum until she had a cock in her mouth. Bill had taught his protégé well and was firming up the teacher's need to submit and please before she could achieve orgasm.

Just as quickly, the vibrations stopped right as Summer's body got to the edge of orgasm. The two men then decided it was time to introduce themselves to the teacher. They were under strict instructions to have the teacher crave cum and to learn to desire the taste of cum from a man's cock. They had arrived in an expansion van with only four captain's chairs that rotated. Summer would be taken out to the van where she would be made to strip and then made to suck each man to orgasm.

Summer was startled when the two men suddenly stood by her chair, one on each side. Each had a drink in one hand while they put the other hand on the back of Summer's bar stool. The man to Summer's right spoke first, "Hi, my name is Jeff. The ugly guy beside you is Jake. We are here to help you with your craving for cum."

"I am sorry, but you obviously have me confused with one of your floozy friends. Please leave me alone," Summer replied.

"I do not think you understand Summer Wayne. We are here today to help you enjoy more cum so that your body can have the orgasms that it craves," Jake replied.

"Please leave me alone. I do not know what you are talking about," Summer replied.

Jeff leaned in and almost whispered, "Amber and Dawn told me that you were a great fuck and that you could be a lesbian with the way you sucked pussy."

Summer was cornered again. These were the two men with the remotes she had been told about. She was do anything that they told her to do, but somehow she fought those directions and started to get up off of the bar stool. Her movement was caught by Jeff and he pressed her back down onto the bar stool.

"Your Master T said that you would probably try to do that. So, as punishment, unbutton the top button on your sweater," Jeff ordered.

"I will do no such thing," Summer replied.

About that time Barb walked up, stood across the bar from Summer and the two men. She held up her IPhone and Summer could see the red light on the phone which meant that it was in broadcast mode. "Master T, it appears that your slut is not complying with some specific instructions again," Barb said into the phone.

Barb then sat the phone done on the bar with the video screen facing upwards and walked away. To Summer's horror, a picture of her sucking Dawn's pussy appeared. "Slut, I told you that if you do not comply with my every instruction, even if I am not present, you would face dire consequences," Summer's master spoke. "Now do as you are told and do not disappointment me again."

The screen went black and Jake handed the phone back to Barb who had returned carrying a tray that had four shot glasses on it. The shot glasses were empty, which was confusing to Summer.

"Unbutton your top button slut," Jake ordered.

Beaten and compliant, Summer reached between her breasts to unbutton the top button on her light weight red sweater. "Sit up taller slut," Jeff ordered.

Summer sat up and then facing the mirror saw that her breasts were almost spilling completely out of the top. She reached to try and close the top, but her hands were met with a quick, but firm slap by Jeff. "Leave your sweater alone," Jeff said.

"Now, go over to my table, take these beers to them and sit with the two men there," Jeff said.

"Please don't make me do that sir," Summer pleaded.

"Barb, please make them stop," Summer said to Barb. Barb just looked at Summer with a knowing look of pity and desire. "Someday I will get to be with her," Barb said to herself. "Here are the beers. Now go on slut, do as you are told," Barb said to the teacher.

Defeated and aware that most of her breasts will be on full display as she walked across most of the floor of the pub, Summer eased down off of the bar stool. She felt the hem of her blue jean skirt raise up as she placed her feet on the floor. She absentmindedly tugged at the hem of the skirt, steeled herself, turned and then started across the floor. She picked up the two large mugs and turned to head over to the table.

Summer's movement attracted attention from the tables of men as she passed through the crowd. She had to squeeze between tables and had to fend off hands groping, less than overtly against her ass. Sometimes elbows pressed against her breasts as she tried to squeeze through tight arrangements of bar stools. Summer had to concentrate hard to keep from spilling the beers.

Summer finally reached the required table and both men stood to offer her their seat. Summer was relieved in that she was at least meeting with gentlemen hopefully. She placed the beers on the table. She chose the nearest bar stool and climbed up onto it. Unfortunately, her top did little to hide her breasts and her short blue jean skirt rose up above her lace top hose. Summer reached to pull her top together, but she was told no. Next she reached for the hem of her skirt, but a firm hand prevented her from doing that. The same hand unbuttoned the first two buttons at the hem of her skirt thereby opening up her skirt almost to her panty covered pussy.

Just as she was settled onto the bar stool at the table, both vibrators went off in her body. Summer's body let out a loud moan and an "Oh My God," from her pursed lips. Both men watched as the vibrators did their work on the teacher's body. The men stroked Summer's shoulders and rubbed her thighs working the skirt opened even more with their hands grazing the front of her panty covered pussy.

The man on Summer's left leaned in and whispered, "Spread your legs slut."

Summer complied immediately. The man on her right moved his hand from the teacher's leg up to her stomach and began working it under the lightweight sweater. There were only four unfastened buttons remaining on the sweater and the man's manipulations under the sweater along with her breasts caused the next button to unclasp. Summer's left nipple came into view for both of the men. The man on Summer's left moved his hand up until his index and middle fingers found the crotch of the teacher's red thong. He could feel how wet the teacher was and he could also feel the vibrations from inside her body.

Summer leaned against the man on her right as the manipulations from the hands of both men, the vibrators in her pussy and ass were bringing the teacher closer to her next orgasm. Then, the vibrators stopped, but the men touching her did not. The man on Summer's right started whispering in the teacher's right ear how sexy she was and how great her nipples were. The man on her left was whispering in her left ear how wet her pussy was and that he would love to stick his hard cock deep inside her.

Those comments sent Summer over the edge and she leaned over and kissed the man on her right as her body exploded in orgasm.

"Button your sweater back up Summer. Go back to the bar and do what Jeff tells you to do," the man on Summer's left said.

Summer reached between her breasts and fastened the two buttons that had been unfastened. She lowered the hem of her skirt as best she could, but did not refasten the skirt because she had not been told she could do so.

Summer eased down off of the bar stool with the backs of her thighs sticking to the wood seat. This of course caused the hem of her skirt to rise up above her lace top hose as her feet hit the floor.

Unsteady on her red four inch heels, Summer made her way back through the crowd not really caring this time about the jostling and groping. Her body was still in the throes of a tremendous orgasm and she was in a euphoric state from the concoctions that had been mixed into her drinks. Summer could feel her breasts bouncing ever so slightly even though she was not wearing a bra. She had always been proud that her breasts had remained firm as she had matured. Her nipples were rock hard and it was obvious to all that each was pierced.

As Summer reached the bar, Jeff offered his hand to help Summer sit back on the bar stool. "How was your orgasm slut," he asked.

"Thank you sir, it was wonderful," Summer replied. Continuing, "Sir, I really must go as I have guests at home."

"We know your sons are not home slut. But, you have time to prepare your next shots," Jeff said pointing at the empty shot glasses.

"I do not understand sir," Summer replied.

Barb walked up then and handed Jeff the bill for all of the drinks Summer had consumed as well as the two tables. Jeff paid the bill giving Barb a $100 tip. Barb set the four shot glasses on a small round tray and then handed it to Summer. Barb walked away stuffing the $100 bill into her very short cut-off jean short that did nothing to hide the fact that her orange thong spilled out of the back of the waistband highlighting her Screaming Eagle fully colored tattoo.

"Ok slut, pick up the tray and follow me," Jeff said. Without waiting for a response from the stunned teacher, Jeff and Jake headed towards the back exit of the pub. Summer hurriedly got down off of the bar stool, grabbed her purse and picked up the small tray carrying four empty shot glasses as she made her way through the rowdy patrons of the pub.

As Summer found the rear exit, she was surprised that it was still daylight outside as she thought that her submission had gone on for hours. She saw Jeff and Jake standing beside a large, white van with the double side doors already open. Summer walked up to the men carrying the tray being careful not to stumble in the parking lot in her heels.

"Nice job carrying that tray slut. But, the glasses are empty so there was nothing so spill coming out," Jake said.

Taking the tray from the teacher, Jeff said, "Give me your purse and take off your top."

"But sir, someone might see me," Summer replied.

"Then you better do it quickly slut," Jeff replied.

Summer handed her purse to the man and unfastened the five buttons on her sweater. She slumped her shoulders and the sweater easily slid off and down her arms. "Hand it to Jake," Jeff said.

Summer handed the sweater to Jake giving both men a good view of her erect and pierced nipples. "Remove your skirt by unfastening all of the buttons. Do it now slut without arguing," Jeff said.

Summer started with the waist button and worked her hands down until she had unfastened the five buttons that had held the skirt in place. "Hand the skirt to Jake," Jeff said. Summer complied with the instructions.

"You know what is next slut," Jeff said.

Summer knew, but she did not want to do it. She hesitated and her newest tormentors both said, "Now."

Summer realized the longer she hesitated the more likely she would be seen by someone, even someone who might recognize her. The teacher slipped her thumbs in the side straps of her thin red thong and slid it down to her ankles. She bent over to take it off of her feet when she heard, "Bend all the way over slut with your ass up," Jake said.

Summer did as directed. With much difficulty, she was able to take the thong off and then handed it to Jake. "Ok slut, get in the van on your knees in the middle of the four captain's chairs.

Summer stepped onto the convenient landing board and got into the van. "Now turn around to face the door, put your hands above your head, spread your legs as wide as you can and stay that way until you are told otherwise," Jeff said.

Summer quickly complied as she watched Jake shut his door and then Jeff shut his virtually trapping Summer on her knees, naked as well as turned on beyond belief. Summer saw that the men had placed the tray of shot glasses on the floor of the van, but had walked away with her clothes. As Summer knelt in the van, all she had on were her four inch heels and her thigh hi hose. Her body was in stimulation overload. Her pussy was soaking wet, her nipples were rock hard and her body was craving attention. Her mind told her to run, but her body told her to comply.

"Man what a slut," Jake said to Jeff. "Yes she is. That young Todd Spillers has done an excellent job in training her. She is very compliant and submissive. Beginning in about 15 minutes she will have four more orgasms," Jeff replied.

Summer continued to kneel in the van with her hands pressed above her head. Her body was on sensory overload as the public display and humiliation in the bar had only heightened her need to submit. Her body was wracked with the need to cum. The vibrating instruments in her pussy and ass were resting, but her interior muscles continued to involuntarily grip and then release them.

It was a warm, but not hot day in September. The temperature in the van began to slowly rise and Summer felt sweat forming on her forehead, above her lips and under her arms. In the crevice of her bent knee, the kneeling teacher could feel moisture forming there also as skin against skin was causing the sweat to form.

Summer did not know how long she had been in this position or how much longer she would be. But no matter what, her instructions were clear both from Jake and Jeff, but also from her young master. Summer could not afford exposure, but somehow her body was reacting to the forced humiliation and current public display of her body, though the windows of the van were tinted.

Summer watched people come and go from the bar. She watched as cars left the parking lot and then were replaced by new cars. Many people walked right by the van and the teacher did not know if they could see her or not. But, just the fact that she was being forced to be on public display, totally nude with her hands pressed above her head only heightened her arousal. "Why am I so turned on," Summer said out loud.

After what seemed like an eternity, the instruments in her ass and pussy sprang to life. Thank God the teacher thought. The vibrations were on low, but the effects were terrific. Summer could feel the vibrators rubbing together between the thin layers of her body separating her pussy from her dark passageway.

The side door to the van suddenly opened. Summer was facing the door still, so she did not dare turn her head away from the opening the door for fear that she would violate her instructions. She was however, very concerned that there may be someone in the parking lot that may recognize her.

"I see you are a compliant slut," Jeff said to the still kneeling teacher.

Summer did not respond as the intensity of the vibrations in her pussy and ass began to incrementally increase. Her mind was only focusing on the impact that the vibrators were having on and in her body. She was weaving back and forth like she was fucking an invisible cock. Summer's eyes were screwed shut and she was breathing heavily. Her body was nearing the orgasm that it craved.

Then, the vibrations stopped. "Ok slut, here is the deal. Your young master is requiring that you give the four of us your best blow job. His mentor, Bill Fraser said that you were the best," Jeff said to the teacher.

"You are not to swallow our cum, but you are to hold it in your mouth until the owner of the cock says for you to spit it into his shot glass," Jake said.

There were the two names of her ultimate tormentors, her young Master T and his mentor Bill Fraser. Both had taken her from her normal teacher/wife life and thrust her into the now normal life of being owned. Summer knew that the former life she once had would never return. Her body always told her that, but her mind now knew it also.

Summer watched as four men got into the van. She remained kneeling with her hands pressed over her head. The men just sat in the custom captain's chairs with each one turned to face the teacher where she knelt. The first to speak was Jake, "Ok slut this is how this will work. You will take the vibrators out for us to watch you. You will then stroke yourself until you cum. Once you cum, you will then start with me and work your way around the van. You will suck me until I cum. You will hold my cum in your mouth until you have an orgasm by any means required. After your orgasm, you will spit the cum in my shot glass. Got it," Jake said.

"Yes Sir I do," Summer replied. "Can I lower my hands now Sir," Summer asked.

"Get to it slut," was his only reply.

Summer lowered her hands and then used both to remove the vibrators from her body at the same time. It was humiliating for the teacher to do this in front of four strangers. She had no choice but to comply. Summer held each vibrator in her hand for moments and then noticed that both had lots of bodily fluids on them. The vibrating egg had the largest amount of moisture of course.

Summer set the items down onto the floor of the van and raised her hands to her body. The men watched with lustful eyes as the teacher's hands manipulated her nipples. They saw that the nipples were pierced and were rock hard. Summer pulled and squeezed her nipples forcing them to become hard as rocks.

The men could see the tattoo on her back and marveled at the time it would have taken to complete. They were hopeful to be able to see it again once the artist had filled in the colors. The upside down rose tattoo was visible to only two of the men she faced and they found it quite enticing. The rose bud rested on top of the teacher's pubic bone and the stem rose up above the thin tan line almost to her smallish waist. The belly button piercing rose and fell with each breathe the teacher took as she continued to stimulate her body.

The two men behind the teacher had already taken out their cocks and were slowly stroking them in anticipation of shooting their cum into the teacher's mouth. Both were disappointed to learn that they would not be afforded the opportunity to fuck the teacher in her ass or pussy, but a blow job would suffice.

"Faster slut as we do not have all night," Jeff said.

Jake and Jeff were seated in the front captain's chairs while the two unnamed strangers were seated behind the teacher. Jake and Jeff were busy releasing their cocks from their jeans and had managed to work them down to their ankles along with their boxers. Jeff unbuttoned his shirt all the way and pulled it open. Jake on the other hand had pulled his tee shirt off and was displayed before Summer almost totally nude.

Watching the men stroke their cocks was helping Summer close in on the orgasm she craved. She felt hands on her back as the men behind her began to paw her body. She felt hands run between her ass cheeks and a finger pressed its way inside her asshole.

"Come on slut show us how much you want an orgasm," Jake said. "Yea that is right, show us what kind of slut you are," chimed in Jeff.

The finger that was fucking in and out of her ass was joined by a second finger. The two middle fingers of the hand starting working deeper and deeper inside her ass. The fingers forced the kneeling teacher to bend over slightly which brought her face within only a couple of inches from Jake's cock.

The public display, the four hard cocks, her own hands manipulating her body and the two fingers pressed deeply inside her ass helped the teacher achieve her needed orgasm. The men were impressed with the depth of submission the teacher could reach in such a short time. They watched as her body convulsed in orgasm with the fingers continuing to fuck in and out of her ass.

"Ok slut, get to work on my cock," Jake said.

Still convulsing from her orgasm, Summer lowered her head, opened her mouth wide and took Jake's cock into her mouth. Summer continued to rub her clit and squeeze her nipples as she had not been told to stop. Using only her mouth, the kneeling teacher worked the head of Jake's cock into her mouth. She began to slowly bob her head up and down working more of his cock into her mouth. Summer felt his hands on either side of her head and felt him begin to use her mouth by taking control of her up and down motions.

The fingers in her ass continued to press deeper and deeper inside her ass. While sucking Jake's cock, Summer's body involuntarily began to push back against the invading fingers.

"God this bitch knows how to suck," Jake said. The men had been working their cocks for several minutes watching the teacher bring herself to orgasm. Jake needed to cum as he had been thinking about this moment for several days ever since Bill Fraser had helped to set up the event.

"Stroke your pussy faster slut, but do not cum," Jake said.

Summer felt another set of hands on her back and suddenly realized that the new set of hands were going to cause her some pain as they began to rain down hard slaps against both of her ass cheeks. This new stimulation and humiliation of being spanked by a complete stranger caused the teacher to renew her assault on Jake's cock and her pierced clit. Each slap forced her head further down the shaft until the head hit the back of her throat. Summer was getting prepared to receive Jake's hot cum and was mindful that she was not allowed to swallow, but required to catch all of his cum.

"Here I cum slut," Jake said loudly.

Summer felt the first blast of cum hit the back of her throat. Summer used her tongue to trap the cum in her mouth as blast after blast of Jake's cum filled her mouth. The fingers in her ass went into overdrive and her fingers did the same on her clit. As Summer was able to suck the last bit of cum out of Jake's cock, she felt her body erupt in the public orgasm she needed.

"Open your mouth and let me see my cum slut," Jake said.

Summer looked up at Jake and opened her mouth. She rolled his cum around in her mouth. Summer looked up into Jake's eyes hoping to get some kind of approving look or compliment on a job well done. "Nice job slut, now spit my cum into the shot glass," Jake said.

Summer saw that Jake held a shot glass out to her. She took the glass and then raised it to her lips to allow his cum to flow from her mouth. As expected, there was too much cum and the shot glass almost overflowed. Summer swallowed the remaining cum instead of letting it spill onto the floor of the van. But, some cum did escape and it ran out the sides of her mouth and started to run down onto Summer's chin.

"Alright slut, get back to work," Jeff said as he eased forward in his captain's chair and pulled Summer's head toward the head of his cock. Summer gingerly placed the cum filled shot glass onto the tray that was set before her and then went to work on Jeff's cock. The fingers in her ass once again began to fuck in and out. The hands that had stopped slapping her ass when Jake came, resumed their assault on each of her ass cheeks.

Summer's body began to react once again to all of the stimulation and manipulation of her body. She could hear noise outside the van, but she continued to suck the cock now fully inserted into her mouth. The fingers in her ass went deeper forcing her mouth down all the way onto Jeff's cock until her nose was pressed into his pubic hair. She must have hit the right spot with her throat as Jeff's cock instantly began spewing its hot cum into the teacher's mouth.

Once again Summer held the cum in her mouth for Jeff to see as she manipulated her body to another orgasm. Summer spit the second load of cum into its shot glass.

The third man turned the teacher around and started to just face fuck Summer. She did no work but to keep her mouth pressed tightly against the cock never allowing it to escape her mouth. The vibrating egg and butt plug were reinserted inside her pussy and ass. The vibration settings were set to the highest levels and Summer's body was tortured trying to prevent herself from cumming until her mouth received the just rewards of the blowjob she was giving.

Suddenly, Summer's mouth was flooded with her third load of stranger cum. The man held her head still as he slowly fucked his cock in and out of the teacher's throat. Summer collected the cum, opened her mouth to show she had captured his cum and then the stimulations of the vibrators accomplished the goal of forcing the teacher to cum again. Once again Summer spit the third load of cum into the shot glass.

The fourth blow job did not last long. The man had been stroking his cock for the entire time that Summer had been performing in the van. His cum rocked out of his cock and into the surprised teacher's mouth. Summer had not anticipated a quick orgasm so she had to act quickly to make sure that she was able to capture all of the fourth man's cum. His load of cum was much larger than those of the first three men. Summer had a hard time keeping it all in her mouth without any escaping out the corners of her mouth or down her throat.

"Ok slut, hold that cum in your mouth, lie on your back and show us how you can make yourself cum," Jeff ordered.

Summer started to spit the cum in the fourth shot glass, but Jeff said, "No hold it until you cum slut."

Summer knew that she had no other choice but to lay back, hold the cum in her mouth without suffocating and then force herself to cum. Once she was settled onto the floor of the van, she started to manipulate her nipples with both hands. She pulled and twisted each pierced nipple until they were once again rock hard. The two men sitting on either side of her feet, picked up Summer's feet still with her four inch heels and placed them in their laps effectively holding her legs spread wide and pussy pulled open widely.

Jake had the controller for each of the instruments securely placed inside the teacher's ass and pussy. Summer felt the vibrations begin to rise and fall effectively teasing her to stroke her clit faster to make up for the lower vibration levels. Then the vibrations increased to the highest setting and Summer's fingers just rested against her clit while her body fucked the air like she was being fucked by an invisible cock again. Summer could not scream because she was holding a large amount of cum in her mouth. She was being forced to breathe through her nose, which kept her alive, but did not allow her to take the deep breathes that she needed to expel the large amounts of air trapped in her lungs. She needed to breathe and let out her emotions. She forced her hips up and down while the vibrators shook her body from the inside. Her fingers pressed tightly against her clit allowing her fucking motion to effectuate an orgasm.

Summer's scream was muffled, but the men could hear her cumming. The watched in awe as her body writhed on the floor of the van while continuing to fuck her hips up and down like she was fucking the invisible cock. Once her body had recovered from the orgasm, Summer sat up and held the fourth shot glass under her lips as she allowed the cum to slip out of her mouth, over her lips and into the glass. Of course there was too much cum and Summer was rewarded with a large swallow of the fourth cock's cum. She was finding that the taste of cum was addicting as she felt fulfilled by receiving it. Of course, receiving the cum from men's cocks allowed the teacher to have mind blowing orgasm after mind blowing orgasm.

"Ok slut, here is the deal. You are to get dressed again. You are to walk into the bar holding the tray like a waitress, sit back on your bar stool and then do shots of cum while Barb watches. She will let your young master know you have complied," Jeff said.

"Yes Sir," was the teacher's only response.

The men went about readjusting their clothes and then exiting the van. Summer could not get dressed because Jake had not given her clothes back. After the four men exited the van, Jake handed Summer a paper sack and said, "Here are your clothes slut. Get dressed and get the fuck out of my van."

Summer took the bag and then sat up on one of the captain's chairs. She took a few moments to calm her nerves and to breathe normally again. Summer then realized that Jake was still standing outside the van, the side doors were open and anyone walking by could see her where she sat.

Summer turned the chair slightly affording her some privacy. Summer opened the bag and saw her skirt, top, thong and the two controllers. She slid the top on and quickly buttoned up it completely. Next she slipped the straps of her thin red thong over her heels and then pulled it up her legs struggling slightly to pull it into place while still seated. That did not work well. So, the teacher once again got back down on her knees and pulled the thong back into place, but unable to hide her pussy piercings as the thin material of her thong slid inside her very wet pussy. She did manage to hide the receiver cord of the egg.

Summer took her skirt out of the bag, while still kneeling and wrapped around her waist. She then fastened the five buttons and she pulled it into place as best she could. Summer sat back onto the captain's chair and readjusted her hose pulling them up tightly as they had worked down her thighs from all of the movements she had made in the van. She was not allowed to fix her hair or reapply her make-up as Jake said, "Get the fuck out slut."

Summer eased out of the chair and, while bent over, edged out of the van. She was able to put her foot on the running board and while holding the paper bag that contained the controllers, Summer stepped down onto the pavement of the parking lot.

"Don't forget your cum shots slut," Jake said to the teacher.

Summer bent over and picked up the tray. She held it in one hand while holding the purse and paper bag in the other.

"No that is not the way a waitress holds a tray. Hold it in the palm of her your hand at shoulder height," Jake said.

Summer carefully ran her hand under the tray and then raised it slowly up until her elbow was bent at a 90 degree angle. In this position, her sweater was being pulled apart by her arms as well as the fact that her breasts were not held firmly by her bra. So there were gaps between each of her buttons of the sweater which of course also made her butterfly tattoos even more apparent.

Because both of her hands were full, Summer was not able to pull the top properly in place nor was she able to pull her skirt down properly. So, her tattoo on her back was more visible as was her belly button piercing. Also, the hem of her skirt was not pulled down far enough to fully cover the lace tops of her thigh hi's. She looked and felt like a just fucked slut.

Summer steeled herself and headed towards the rear door of the pub. She arrived at the door with both hands full. She used her right hand to open the door even though she was holding the paper bag and purse. As she opened the door, she was met with a couple that was heading out. The man almost ran right over the teacher, while the woman looked at Summer in disgust. Neither the man nor the woman helped Summer hold the door open.

She struggled to keep it open with her shoulder while balancing the cum filled shot tray with her other hand. Summer successfully navigated the door and headed down the hallway flanked by the men and women's restrooms. She thought about going into the women's restroom to freshen up, but thought better of it because her instructions were specific.

Summer made her way through the crowded pub with several pairs of eyes taking in how she looked. Her ass was grabbed multiple times and her breasts were elbowed at every table she walked by. No one asked about her shot glasses, but several people saw them and just smiled.

Fortunately, Summer saw that her bar stool was still available. Then she saw a drink had been placed in front of the bar stool with a napkin covering it. This is a common way to hold a space at the bar, but often times people just ignore it. Summer was sure that she had Barb to thank for that courtesy.

Summer set the tray onto the bar and settled as best she could onto the bar stool. She was able to readjust her skirt and top, which afforded the teacher some modest coverage. But, her nipples were standing at attention poking against the thin material of the light weight red sweater. Her legs were sticking to the wooden seat of the bar stool, which was uncomfortable so Summer tried to adjust the hem of her skirt by raising her ass up off of the bar stool. She was able to pull some material of the skirt under to cover her legs. But, the lace tops of her thigh hi's became more visible. "Fuck it," Summer said to herself.

She took the napkin off of the drink and took several long drinks. Summer was pleased to find that the contents of the glass were sweet tea. She drank more of the contents to both quench her thirst and to help wash the cum taste from her mouth. It did not take long for Barb to come over and asked, "So, how was the van?"

"Please Barb, let me go home. I am embarrassed, sore and tired," Summer replied.

"Well slut, you do have one more task. Well it really is four tasks," Barb replied. "Those cum filled shot glasses have to be cleaned before I can take them behind the counter. So, your last task is to drink the contents of each shot glass, use your fingers as well as your tongue to clean the glass and then give them to me one at the time for my inspection."

"Please Barb. I have been humiliated enough today. Please let me go home," Summer begged.

"The longer you delay the more time I have to think of other things to make you do. Your Master T has said I can play with you some if you chose to resist," Barb said.

"Barb, I am not resisting. I am just exhausted and do not think I can take any more degradation is all," Summer replied.

Barb stood there looking at the teacher. She noticed a patron at the other end of bar and walked over to take care of his order. This left Summer alone to contemplate her fate. "The faster you do this the quicker you get out of her," Summer thought to herself.

Summer reached for the first shot glass and saw that it was filled to the brim with one of the four men's cum. She brought it up to her lips and turned it up. The liquid was not free flowing, but started coming out of the shot glass in globs. It was sticky so it did not easily slide over the teacher's lips and into her mouth. Summer used her tongue to get the last bits of cum out of the glass. She held it up and it looked pretty clean to her so she set it down onto the bar.

Summer repeated this effort for the remaining three shot glasses. She was sure that she had cleaned them properly. She had the taste of cum in her mouth and down her throat. She somehow found it appealing to have a cum taste in her mouth. She found that fascinating because she had never really been interested in swallowing the cum from her husband James' cock. But, here she was tasting cum from four complete strangers and feeling satisfied with the taste.

Barb soon joined the teacher and picked up each glass to inspect it. She also set a tequila shot down in front of Summer and indicated that it was from the group of men down at the other end of the bar. "They watched you do your cum shooters. They asked if they could have one, but I told them that you do not share," smiled Barb.

Summer took the shot glass, turned and looked at the men and quickly downed the shot. She mouthed "Thank You" and set the shot glass on the bar.

"Can I go now? Please Barb," Summer pleaded.

"Give me your controllers and then you can leave after you go into the restroom to remove both instruments. You are to clean them and then bring them back to me," Barb said.

Summer was relieved to know that the end of her day was close at hand. She almost bounced down off of the bar stool. She grabbed her purse and the paper sack. She walked back through the crowded bar keeping her elbows close to her body and avoiding locations where it would give adventuresome hands the opportunity to touch her.

Summer made it to the bathroom and found the handicap stall empty. She was relieved. She quickly went inside. She locked the door and hung her purse on the hook on the door. She then placed the paper bag on the top of the lavatory. Summer pulled her skirt up around her waist and her panties down around her knees. She first grasped the base of the butt plug and easily pulled if from her ass. She set in the bowl of the sink and then removed the egg from her pussy. Summer then pulled her thong back into place and pulled the hem of her blue jean skirt back into place. She turned the hot water on and quickly washed both of the vibrators making sure not to allow water to leak into either of them.

Summer took the moment of alone time to give herself a quick look over. She was appalled to say the least. Her hair was a terrible mess and her face was dotted by little droplets of cum. She quickly washed her face, dried it and then applied a little make-up to give herself an approving freshness. Shen then brushed out her hair and applied a small amount of styling gel to give it some shape.

Summer placed the two vibrators into the paper bag joining the two controllers. She still looked like she had recently had sex, but she was at least a little refreshed.

Summer thought it would be a good idea to relieve herself, so she sat down onto the commode with her panties pulled down between her legs. As she settled down to pee, the door opened and two chatty women came into the restroom. They were more interested in reapplying their make-up than going to the bathroom. "Did you see that slut come into the bar with that tray," one said to the other.

"Oh my God yes. It looked like the shot glasses were full of cum," laughed the second one.

"I have seen that woman before, but I am not sure where. She sure is a slut," the first said to the second.

"She must not be from around here because I would know who she is. But, I swear I know her from somewhere," the first said to the second.

Both women finished their business and left the restroom. Summer had broken out in a cold sweat at the possibility of being discovered. She finished her business, pulled her thong into place, picked up the bag, grabbed her purse and headed back to the bar. When she had made her way through the maze of the pub, Summer leaned against her bar stool and waited on Barb to come back. Summer fidgeted moving her weight from one foot to the other. She kept her back to the bar and tried as best she could to hide her face in the bottles of whiskey adorning the far bar mirrored wall.

Barb returned and Summer handed the paper bag to her. Barb opened the bag and took the contents out. Barb placed the two vibrators and the controllers on the bar in front of the teacher, which afforded Summer one more opportunity to be publicly humiliated.

Barb picked up each piece from the bar, held it up and turned around in her hand as though she were making a full inspection. Summer just had to stand there while the bartender showed off her toys to anyone looking at the bar. Summer of course was becoming more and more worried about discovery. "Barb, can I please have my bra back and leave," Summer begged.

Barb laughed and said, "Of course you can. I just wanted to see if you would stand there while I humiliated you just a little bit more." 

Summer did not need any more permissions or time. She turned and headed out the back door of the pub only to discover that she did not have a ride. She had been brought there by Master T's Uber driver.

Summer opened her phone and hit the Uber app. She had used it once before and hoped that she would effectuate a quick getaway from such a popular spot. She was notified that a driver was less than two minutes away. It was a Toyota Camry with Brianna as her driver. Sure enough, it was only two minutes and the black Camry pulled up to the door and Summer quickly jumped inside.

Summer rode in silence or at least attempted to with the chatty driver. Summer was in no mood to talk, but after a bit, she invested fifteen minutes of idle chat with the nice young girl driving her.

Brianna pulled up to Summer's driveway and told Summer how much she enjoyed chatting with her. Summer had fished out a ten dollar bill from her purse and gave it to Brianna thanking her for getting her home safe and sound. It was now 9:30 PM and the teacher was exhausted.

"Tomorrow (Sunday), Summer takes her sons to brunch at Julio's and their friend stays behind to go to a concert. Thanks for continuing to read and follow Summer's Blackmail. I appreciate all of your comments and I do read them all."




