Summer's Blackmail Ch. 03
bywilcox010©
Summer Wayne is a tall, brunette, 40 year old English teacher, mother of two college age sons and wife to James who travels for his profession. Summer has found that her life had gotten pretty boring and had placed an ad on a site for Wives Who Need Sex. She replied to one of her responders, which turned out to be one of her high school students. Since her reply contained an explicit picture of her, the student, Todd, has successfully trapped Summer in blackmail to keep her job and her marriage safe. Summer does not know that her tormentor is in fact a student at this point. Todd, has been forcing Summer into a slow spiral into sexual submission via text messages from his profile name, Master T. As chapter two ended, Summer had been forced by Master T to submit to the advances of a student in the faculty parking lot on Friday afternoon. She has just joined her best friend at a local margarita bar to celebrate the end of the week.

As Summer walked back to the bar, Lisa noticed that Summer’s breasts swayed as she was walked towards her. When Summer had come into the bar when she first arrived, Lisa noticed that her lips, chin and cheeks had what she thought might have been a cream of some kind, like a milkshake, on the way to the bar. As Lisa watched Summer walk towards her at the bar, she noticed the heads of several men turn and look wantonly at her friend. Lisa could see that Summer had undone two buttons on her blouse, which was giving anyone who looked a really good view of her ample breasts and cleavage.

When Summer was next to Lisa, the two friends hugged, and to Lisa, Summer seemed to linger in the embrace for an extended period. Summer climbed up on the bar stool to Lisa’s left which positioned Summer with her back to the front entrance to the bar and facing back towards the path through the bar that she had just walked. Summer noticed that several men were looking at her and she could tell that they were pleased with what they saw. As Summer crossed her legs, Lisa noticed the bottom three buttons to Summer’s skirt were undone and she swore she saw no panties covering her friend’s pussy. Lisa thought that she saw the tops of her thigh hi’s as well as a very fluffy mound of pubic hair which was much different than hers as her husband always wanted her pussy completely shaved. Lisa remembered that Summer had always said that she thought that a shaved pussy was disgusting and that she would never do that. Lisa wondered where Summer’s panties were.

The friends chatted for a while and they each finished their first golden margarita then subsequently ordered a second. Just as the second icy treat arrived, Summer’s phone buzzed and she saw that her tormentor was again texting her. Summer knew that she could not risk angering him anymore than she already had by ignoring his first text while she had been driving to the bar. She told Lisa that she had to take the call and that she would be right back. As Lisa watched Summer get down off of the bar stool, she looked as closely as she could without being too obvious and her original observation was confirmed that Summer was indeed not wearing any panties as she could see the thick brown hairs of her pussy mound. Lisa watched as Summer headed back towards the bathroom and followed the sway of her ass cheeks along with the men on that side of the bar.

As Summer entered the bathroom, she opened the most recent text from her tormentor and she began to read. “Slut, where are you right now?” and it was signed Master T. Summer quickly fumbled with her phone and texted back, “Master T, I am in the ladies room at the margarita bar with my friend Lisa, and signed it as she had been directed, Your Slut Summer.” Summer thought that she would take advantage of the opportunity while in the bathroom and relieved herself while awaiting the inevitable response from her Master T. As she finished washing her hands, her phone buzzed again. “Slut, tell me how you are dressed” Master T. Summer replied, “Master T, I have the same beige blouse with two buttons undone, I have put on my pink bra back on after Todd had made me take it off, my beige button up skirt with the bottom three buttons undone, my thigh hi hose and my school work heels”, signed Your Slut Summer. 

Within a minute, her phone buzzed again and the reply was not kind. “Slut, who told you that you could put your bra back on? Stand in front of the mirror there in the bathroom, take off your blouse, remove the bra and throw it in the trash can as punishment for putting it back on without my permission. You may put your blouse back on, but you are to step into a stall, do not close it and while facing toward the mirrors, open your skirt, spread your legs as wide as possible, reach down and rub your ugly, hairy cunt until you cum. You are to aid your orgasm by twisting and squeezing your big nipples. Write back to me immediately after your pussy soaks your fingers, Master T.”

As Summer was standing before the mirror, she seemed to go into autopilot. As she slowly unbuttoned her blouse and slid it off of her shoulders, Summer reached behind and easily unclasped the pink bra allowing it to fall away from her chest. As the 36C cups fell away from her breasts, Summer noticed that she had a slight hickie left by her student tormentor in the school parking lot. Summer looked at herself in the mirror and wondered how she could have been so stupid to have allowed herself to fall prey to her internet tormentor. She resolved to try and negotiate with Master T on Saturday, as she was just too tired and strung out to do that from the bar. Summer tossed the bra into the trash container and moved to the last of the three stalls in the ladies bathroom.

As instructed, Summer stood in the stall and could see her reflection in the mirror. Summer prayed that her orgasm would come quickly as she did not want to be interrupted by another woman coming to the bathroom. Summer shrugged her shoulders so that her blouse fell away, which made it easier for her to access her nipples. She started by using both hands to squeeze and twist her nipples. As she watched herself, Summer was amazed at how far she was willing to go to please Master T in order to get that picture back. She looked at herself and was pleased that the years had been kind to her and all of those after work training sessions had helped to keep her stomach flat. Slowly, Summer started moving her right hand down towards her pussy. As her hand passed through her thick pubic hair and drew closer to her pussy, she reached down to undo one more button on her beige skirt to give her better access to her now erect clit engulfed in her hairy pubic mound.

As Summer’s middle finger began to stimulate her clit, her fingers began to alternate between each of her already hard and erect nipples. She began pulling and stretching her aching nipples as her middle finger continued its circular assault on her burning clit. She closed her eyes and waited as the inevitable orgasm began to form and as she erupted she was startled by the flash of a camera that was being held by her friend Lisa. Lisa was able to capture Summer at the peak of her orgasm and she could see her left nipple pulled away from her breast, Summer’s legs spread wide and her fingers thrust into her pussy. Lisa was able to take three more pictures of Summer as she came down from her orgasmic high. When Summer recovered from her orgasm, she immediately wrapped her blouse back over her shoulders to cover her breasts as she asked Lisa, “Why did you do that”? To which Lisa said, “I have been waiting out by the bar for over fifteen minutes. I have had three men come up and hit on me with each one wondering where my hot friend was. Now I come into the bathroom, find you almost stripped naked, squeezing your nipples and rubbing your cunt to orgasm without fear of anyone coming in and finding you looking like a slut in heat.” 

Lisa saw Summer lower her head and start to tremble as tears began slowly rolling down her checks. Summer broke down, started balling uncontrollably and slammed the door to the stall. As she sat on the commode, Summer covered her face with her hands and wondered how she could allow herself to be in this situation with no apparent way out. She recovered enough to stand, button her blouse & skirt and then left the stall. She did not look Lisa in the eyes as she made her way to the lavatory to wash the tears away from her face. As she finished, Lisa handed her one of the valet towels that were placed on the counter so that Summer could wipe away the water without the sting from a paper towel. Once dry, she looked up at Lisa and asked, “Why are you taking pictures of me? I want you to delete them right now!” 

“First, I want to know why you are in here rubbing your cunt in an open stall with your clothes unbuttoned and with no bra or panties on. Second, I want to know what has come over you because I have always thought that you were prudish and had had sex only a few times in your life: on your honeymoon and when you got pregnant. So tell me Summer, why are you in here touching yourself like some wanton slut?” 

For a moment, Summer thought about breaking down and just telling Lisa the whole truth about her tormentor Master T and what he was making her do. But she just could not imagine what kind of reaction her best friend would have. So, Summer lied, “I have been really lonely this week. The kids are off at college and James is on an extended trip to Asia. I have just been thinking lots about him and feeling sorry for myself. I do not know what has come over me to be honest.”

About that time, Summer’s phone started its inevitable buzz letting her know that she had waited too long in responding to Master T. Lisa could see Summer’s hands begin to tremble as she scrolled down the message on the phone as she heard Summer quietly say, “Oh God.”

Lisa asked Summer what is wrong and Summer just shook her head and began re-reading her tormentor’s message. “Slut, it has been almost ten minutes and I have not heard one word from you. Do not worry about replying to this message as I already have prepared an email to go to the webmaster at your school. The very seductive and slutty picture of you on that bathroom counter will be posted for all to see by tomorrow morning so any student or parent checking the website over the weekend will get to see your pussy spread wide by that big black dildo of yours, Master T.”

Summer began typing immediately not worrying about Lisa, “Dear Master T, I am so sorry, but right in the middle of my orgasm, my friend Lisa came into the bathroom and caught me. I had taken my bra off and threw it into the trash container, my blouse was completely unbuttoned, I was standing in the stall looking into the mirror, squeezing my nipples and rubbing my clit. As I came, Lisa began taking pictures of me so I have been lying to her as to why I was doing such a slutty thing. Please oh please do not send the picture. You know that I will do whatever it takes to get that picture back from you, Your Slut Summer.”

Unbeknownst to Summer, Lisa had been looking over her shoulder as she responded to Master T. It took Lisa a couple of minutes before she could bring herself to question Summer about it. “Summer, who is Master T and what picture does he have of you?” 

“What” Summer said, as she whirled around to find Lisa standing right behind her? 

“You know Summer, I am very nosey and I could not help myself. Now I find that my best friend, of many years, has a sexual secret that she has kept from me so what did you expect from me, Lisa said, as her eyes bored angrily into Summer’s?”

Summer could felt the walls of the bathroom closing in on her. She felt Lisa’s hands on her shoulders as she looked directly into her eyes as she said, “Summer, Master T calls you his slut. How long have you been his slut?”

Summer’s reply was interrupted by a new text from Master T, “Slut, I have warned you about not immediately replying to me. Unbutton all of the buttons on your blouse, all but one button on your skirt, tell me what kind of pictures Lisa has of you and describe her to me.”

Summer said, “Oh, God Lisa I need your help.” So, Summer quickly detailed what happened only a short night ago when she sent that picture to an unknown man by accident and the trouble she was in because of her teaching position as well as her marriage with James.

Summer then told Lisa, “I have to unbutton all of my buttons, describe the pictures that you have of me and what you look like. Right now you are not involved, but if I start telling him about you, he may draw you into this and I do not want to cause you any problems.” 

Lisa said, “Summer, he does not have a picture of me and I am not a teacher, so it is only you who is in trouble, so go ahead and describe me to him.” As Summer began her text message Lisa told her to let her look over her shoulder.

“Master T, I am wearing the blouse and skirt unbuttoned as you directed. Lisa’s pictures show me in the stall with my fingers squeezing my nipples and my fingers in my pussy. The first picture shows me at the beginning of my orgasm and the last shows me after completion. My friend Lisa is 5’ 10”, red hair, green eyes, size 38 C breasts, she is wearing a short black skirt, blouse and black heels signed Your Slut Summer.”

The minute that Summer hit the send button, her stomach began to turn in knots. Now her best friend knew about her predicament and submission to an unknown tormentor. Summer began pleaded with Lisa, “Please do not think bad thoughts about me and please, please to not tell James about this as it will cause our marriage to end.”

Lisa began to pace a little in the bathroom and was amazed that so far no one had come into the bathroom. Then she hit upon Summer’s lie. Lisa said to Summer, “In your response, you told your Master that your blouse and skirt were unbuttoned. What will happen if he makes you take a picture of yourself and then send it to him? Don’t you think that you will be in trouble for that?”

Summer quickly said, “Oh, god I do not know. But, I am willing to take a chance because he is not here and there is really no way he will know, right?”

Lisa quickly said, “Summer, this guy has something over you that you do not want him to use against you. You believe that he will and I believe that he will. Now, get in the handicapped stall and do as he says!”

Summer looked at Lisa and felt like she really had no choice and agreed with Lisa. As she stepped into the stall, Summer felt Lisa right behind her locking the door. Fortunately, Summer noticed that this stall is one that has a full door and must be extra wide so that it can accommodate a wheelchair. 

Summer turned around just in time to have Lisa grab her purse and take out her phone and say to Summer, “Unbutton that blouse and skirt Summer before you get the next text. Do it now!” Summer was taken aback by this change in Lisa, but is none the less resigned to do as Master T has instructed and reconfirmed by her best friend Lisa. 

Summer mindlessly began unbuttoning her blouse and as she finished Lisa told her, “Pull it off slut.”

Summer protested and began to argue when Lisa told her, “Summer you are his slut, but I have pictures too. I want you to take the blouse off now. Imagine what James would say if I were to email that first picture that shows your hand in your hairy cunt and the way you were stretching and squeezing your nipples”. Summer began to beg Lisa not to treat her that way and to not us the word cunt with her as she felt that was degrading.
Lisa grabbed Summer by the arm, shook her and then said to her, “Summer you are a slut for him, now take off that damn blouse or I will rip it from your body.”

Summer sort of cowered back into the stall and shook the blouse off of her shoulders. Lisa took the blouse and hung it on the post on the back of the stall door. Lisa then ordered Summer to take the skirt off, but to keep her heels and hose on. Summer complied with her new tormentor, started with the top button on her skirt; she slowly undid enough buttons to allow the skirt to slip over her hips and down to her ankles. Lisa bent down and helped Summer step out of the skirt while leaving her heels on.

As Lisa stood back up, she looked directly at Summer’s cunt to find her pussy lips wet and her clit standing erect. As Lisa rose, she looked Summer in the eyes and said, “You are so wet. I think that you are a slut. But, why do you have all of that hair around your cunt? It is disgusting to have that much hair. Don’t you know that men love the feeling of a soft, smooth cunt mound? You should do something about that”.

Summer answered her new tormentor, “Lisa that is a disgusting thing to say to me. I think a woman should not shave her pubic hair as it is there for a reason. Besides, only a slut and a low life would shave that private area.” 

“So, let me get this straight Summer, are you calling me a slut or a low life,” Lisa said quite angrily.

Summer said, “Lisa, I am not calling you either one. I am saying that only those types of women would shave that area.”

Lisa paused for just a second and then replied, “Well, which one you are calling me Slut? I shave my pussy and my ass. My husband likes it that way, but I really like the way it feels when I have on my thong panties, like today.”

Summer quickly said in disgust, “You have got to be kidding me Lisa; I would have never figured you to be that way.”

Summer’s phone then buzzed and before she could take it from Lisa’s hand, she saw the flash of her own camera. She cursed at Lisa saying, “Why did you do that? Why are you treating me this way? I did not give you permission to take that picture.”

Lisa just smiled and opened the new text, which asked, “Slut let me see proof that you have indeed done as instructed”, signed Master T.

Lisa typed back, “Master T, I have attached a picture that should meet with your approval. My friend Lisa took it without my permission, but it does show me with no clothes on, instead of unbuttoned clothes. I hope that this pleases you, Your Slut Summer.”

With tears welling up in her eyes from anger and humiliation, Summer said to Lisa, “Damn it Lisa, why are you texting that bastard. Who do you think you are anyway?”

“Well Slut, I am your new Mistress. I decided that you need someone to give you proper guidance from a woman’s perspective and you do not seem to appreciate the demands and needs of a woman.”

Lisa continued in on Summer, “Obviously, you are going to learn what a man wants, but I know you will be a good slut for me too.” 

Lisa raised her own digital camera and pointing at her new found play toy said, “Slut, grab both of your breasts and squeeze them for me right now.”

Without hesitation, Summer’s hands proceeded up to her breasts as if they had minds of their own. Summer could not stop herself even if she wanted to as the extreme urges deep inside were telling her to comply. Summer’s hands found her nipples and began to pull and twist the silver dollar sized nipples. As Summer was twisting, she felt the flash of Lisa’s camera catch her in this pose. And without any directions, Summer’s hand slowly trailed from her right breast down to her clit. Her hand lingered for just a brief moment on her pussy mound before finding its way through her now moist pubic hair until it found her erect clit. When Summer’s finger found its intended target, Lisa heard her audible moan as the middle finger on Summer’s hand began to feverishly rub her clit.

As Lisa continued to digitally record Summer’s compliance with her directions as well as with Summer succumbing to her own submissive desires, Lisa’s own panties began to moisten from the erotic show that Summer was performing for her as well as the urge she felt to degrade her best friend further.



As Summer continued to play with her pussy and breasts, Lisa felt Summer’s phone begin to buzz. The next message brought a smile to Lisa’s face as Master T wrote, “Slut that was a terrific picture and I am very happy with your compliance. But, you did not completely describe your friend to me. Tell me what type and color lingerie she has on and tell me about her cunt, is it furry like yours or nice and smooth.”

Lisa told Summer to stop playing with herself and she immediately complied with Lisa’s demand. Lisa told Summer, “Master T wants you to describe to him what type and color of lingerie I have on as well as describing my cunt.”

Lisa showed Summer the text and told her that she must comply immediately, and said, “So, type to him you slut.”

Summer looked at Lisa and said, “I cannot tell him that as I do not know what you have on and whether or not you fully shave your pubic area.”

Lisa then said, “Well, it looks like you will have to unbutton my blouse and pull up my skirt to be able to respond to Master T won’t you slut. So unbutton my blouse now.”

When Summer had unbuttoned Lisa’s blouse as instructed, she heard Lisa say, “Get down on your knees and pull up my skirt.”

Summer pleaded with her best friend, “Lisa please do not make me do that. I do not understand why you are helping the bastard. He wants to control me over one simple picture and now you are doing the same thing with your own pictures taken of me in the past five minutes.”

Lisa just ignored Summer and waited for her to fall to her knees. Summer resigned herself to lower her body to her knees and as her knees hit the cold bathroom floor, she reached up for the hem of Lisa’s skirt and began pulling it up over her thighs and then finally over her hips.

Summer’s nose was even with Lisa’s panty covered pubic area when she said to Lisa, “Please text to Master T for me that you have red panties and bra on. That your bra is a shelf type and your panties are a thong, right?”

Lisa said, “Well put your hands on me to see.”

Summer, quickly said, “I cannot do that Lisa. I am not a lesbian. I have never touched another woman, so please do not ask me to do that.”

“Slut, pull my panties down so you can see if I shave or not and you can determine whether I am wearing panties or a thong, do it now,” Lisa demanded. Lisa felt Summer’s hands slowly move up her legs until they rested on the front of her panties.

Summer in stunned voice said, “You do shave your pubic area and your panties are wet Lisa, why is that?”

Lisa simply replied, “You are turning me on and I like forcing you to please me, I get off on it, I like it and I am going to continue doing it to you by treating you like the slut you are.”

“Ok, slut you type to Master T what you have discovered and felt as I want to take more pictures of you”, purred Lisa.

Lisa pointed her camera down towards her friend and took a picture of Summer looking directly up into the lens. Lisa instructed, “Summer, tilt your head back so I can get a picture of those beautiful breasts and nipples. Why don’t you grab them while I take some pictures?”

After having more pictures taken, Summer started her text, “Master T, my friend Lisa is wearing a red shelf bra and red thong panties. She is very wet and her pubic hair has been shaved completely,” Your Slut Summer.

As Summer hit send, Lisa was overcome by a desire to have Summer lick her pussy. She reached out, grabbed the back of Summer’s head and pulled it towards her flowing pussy. Summer fought against Lisa’s efforts to no avail as she was weak from all of the orgasms of today as well as the mental exhaustion caused by her three tormentors: Master T, Todd and now Lisa her best friend.

As Summer was drawn ever closer to Lisa’s wet pussy, she could smell an aroma that she had only smelled once before and it was her pussy from earlier today. Summer was intrigued by Lisa’s aroma and she moved closer so that her nose was right at the top of her pussy. She could see the clit and she felt pressure from Lisa’s hands as she moved her pussy forward and Summer’s head toward the now flowing slit of her pussy.

Right then, Lisa slammed her pussy onto Summer’s face and held it there with her hands while she ordered Summer, “Lick my pussy slut. Stick you tongue out and lick my clit. Do it now!”

It took all Summer’s resolve to comply with Lisa’s demand. As her tongue touched Lisa, Summer was surprised by how soft the area was, how sensitive it was to Lisa as she felt her tremble and how her juices did not taste as bad as she had thought that they might. For whatever reason, Lisa was not able to hang on very long and Summer felt juices flowing from her pussy as she convulsed in orgasm. Summer continued her assault on Lisa’s clit until finally being told by her to stop. As she pulled her head away from her pussy, Lisa’s camera was able to capture the moisture from her pussy clinging to Summer’s face as little strings of juice trailed from her to Summer’s lips.

Lisa then demanded, “Slut, stand up, bend over the commode and spread your ass cheeks for me”. When Summer did not respond as quickly as she liked, Lisa slapped Summer across the face and said, “Slut, when I tell you to do something, it is not a request so stand up and bend over right now”. Summer jumped off of the floor, bent over the commode and quickly reached behind and spread her ass cheeks for Lisa. Summer immediately felt Lisa’s hands spreading her cheeks wider and then they started to run down her crevice leading to her forbidden area and pussy. She felt Lisa’s finger stop and circle her anus and then move down to the entrance to her pussy.

“Lisa, you are my best friend. Please do not do this to me, Summer begged.”

Lisa’s reply shocked Summer, “Slut, you are the one causing this to be done to you. You are a slut for a total stranger and you are my slut now because I discovered that you truly are a slut and will do anything I tell you to do for fear of James finding out about how much of a slut you really are.”

Lisa’s fingers found the opening to Summer’s pussy and she quickly inserted her index and middle fingers into her wet hole. Summer let out a moan followed by a “noooooooo” protesting Lisa’s assault on her burning pussy. As Lisa’s fingers moved deeper into the wet pussy, she felt Summer start to rock back meeting each of Lisa’s thrusts. Summer was too occupied with Lisa’s assault on her pussy, that she did not feel the fingers from Lisa’s hand begin to trail pussy juice up to the entrance to her forbidden path.

“Slut, spread your ass cheeks wider as I am going to put a finger up that ass of yours,” Lisa hissed.

Summer protested and delayed too long and was met with several hard slaps across her ass. She immediately pulled her cheeks apart and she felt Lisa’s finger begin to push its way past the sphincter muscle.

Summer had never allowed James to even touch her there, much less let him insert a finger. Now, she was bent over a commode in a restaurant with her best friend forcing a finger deeper and deeper into her ass. Summer also felt another of Lisa’s fingers being forced into her pussy which almost completely filled her.

When Lisa’s finger was completely inserted into her ass, Summer’s body began to quiver. She had never felt so filled before when coupled with the three fingers in her pussy. She started moaning uncontrollably and moving back against Lisa’s fingers. As the erotic sensation increased, Summer’s movements back against her friend’s fingers also increased. Just then she felt her body quiver and her orgasm erupted as her last backward thrust had caused Lisa’s fingers to find her ‘g” spot, which she had never, ever felt before. She could not make herself stop forcing Lisa’s fingers deeper into her pussy and ass as it seemed that her body had completely taken over. Then out of nowhere, her body erupted again as she felt Lisa insert a second finger into her ass.

It took Summer and Lisa several minutes to calm down long enough to realize that Master T had sent another text message. Summer quickly realized her mistake, still bent over the commode; she picked up the phone to read, “Slut, you have pleased me completely today. I am not going to require that you do anything else tonight. Please plan on a very busy Saturday. That young man that you met today in the school parking lot will be bringing you written instructions as to what you are to do for me. I have solicited his help in making you a better slut,” signed Master T.

Summer was relieved to find out that she had not missed a required response. As Lisa withdrew her fingers from her pussy and ass, Summer stood up and as she exited the handicap stall she took Lisa into her arms and thanked her for being such a good friend to help her through the events of today.

Lisa quickly reminded Summer, “You are not done pleasing me tonight. We have been in this bathroom for over thirty minutes and there are three men out there waiting on me to bring you back! Get dressed, do not button up that blouse as I want you to tie it snuggly under your breasts. And when you button that skirt back up, make sure that you leave four unbuttoned”.

“Lisa, that will make the skirt open almost to my pubic area, please do not make me do that,” Summer pleaded.

Lisa said, “First of all, you may call me Mistress from now on. Second, you are to refer to your cunt only, never pussy. Third, you will do whatever I tell you and when I tell you. If you choose to not comply, then it will be easy for me to give these pictures to James upon his return.

Lisa then said, “On second thought I bet my husband has James’ email address. I can check Rick’s computer when I get home and I will just send two or three to wet James’ appetite. What do you think about that slut?”

Summer was trapped again as she thought that the matter of the first picture and Master T was bad enough, because at least he was unknown to her. But now, her best friend knew everything and was using it against her. Summer quickly pulled the blouse on and tied it as she had been instructed by her new Mistress. When her Mistress had expressed her pleasure with the way her blouse was tied, Summer slipped on her skirt and made sure that four of the seven buttons were now undone.

As Summer was re-arranging her skirt, the bathroom door suddenly opened and a waitress from the bar came in to ask, “Are you two ok? The guys at the bar you were sitting with are wondering if you were sick or something. I see that you are ok, so should I tell them that you will be back in a few minutes”?

Lisa replied, “Hi Abby. Yes my slut and I are ok. We will be back out in a few minutes. I am having my slut fix her clothes that match my tastes and to fix her make-up as it is all messed up. Isn’t that right slut”?

Summer hesitated just a little too long and felt the sting of Lisa’s hand across her ass. As she yelped from the blow, Summer answered the question, “Yes Mistress I am working on my clothes to please you and I do need to redo my make-up with more attention to my eyes and lips, if that will please you.”

Abby paused a moment before responding, “Are you kidding me, she is your slut? Does that mean she will do everything you tell her to do?”

Lisa said, “Well slut, tell her”.

Summer, with her head bowed said, “Yes I am Mistresses slut and will do as she instructs me.”

Abby then took in the whole scene with Lisa leaning against the lavatory counter touching up her make-up, the slut standing before her with her skirt undone up to her crotch and her blouse open for all to see. Abby inquired, “Ma’am, so do you want me to go out and tell the men you are coming back to the bar?”

Lisa then said, “I need a favor first from you Abby. Please take my camera and I want you to take a couple of pictures of my slut as she sucks my clit”.
Lisa continued, “Slut, get down on your knees. I want you to suck my clit while Abby watches. I want you to bring me to orgasm one more time before we head back out to the bar. You can keep your skirt on this time, but get down on your knees now!”

Summer began to protest, but Lisa shot her the knowing look, which let her know that Lisa did not intend to compromise with her on her demand to be serviced with Abby in the room.

Abby took the camera from Lisa and stepped back to watch the action. Lisa told Abby to lock the door just in case someone else tried to come in while the slut was servicing her Mistress. As Abby locked the door, Lisa was pulling her skirt up to her hips and placing her hands on Summer’s shoulders forcing her down to her knees. Lisa’s hands were met with only little resistance from the now totally submissive Summer.

As Summer’s knees touched the floor, her face came level with Lisa’s pussy covered only by the thin red material of her thong. She could not move and was waiting for her next command as Lisa slipped her hands into the side strings of her thong and pulled them down over her hips.

Lisa instructed Summer to take the panties in her hands, turn toward Abby and give her a wanton look. As Summer turned, Abby trained Lisa’s digital camera on Summer making sure to get Lisa’s smooth pussy, panties and Summer’s face all in one frame. As the camera flashed, Summer began pulling the panties down past Lisa’s knees down to her ankles. Summer picked up Lisa’s feet one at a time to slip the thin garment completely off and she placed it on the counter beside Lisa’s exposed hips. Lisa spread her legs and instructed Abby to start taking pictures at any time, but to make sure that she well documented her slut’s tongue action on her pussy.

“Lick me now slut,” Lisa shouted.

She grabbed Summer by the back of her head and forcefully pulled her mouth to her dripping pussy. As Summer’s mouth touched her skin, Lisa let out a low moan and she pushed her pussy towards the outstretched tongue of her new slut. Summer resigned herself to give it her best effort and concentrated her tongue actions on Lisa’s hardening clit. She had her eyes closed, but Summer felt and heard the almost continuous flashing of the camera held by the waitress.

Lisa told Summer to put fingers in her pussy and fuck her with them. Summer slowly inserted one, then two and when she felt Lisa’s wetness, she pushed a third finger into her best friend’s (now Mistress) very hot pussy. As her third digit was completely inserted, she felt Lisa’s hand pressure on the back of her head increase and she could felt Lisa’s pussy grind into her mouth. Summer increased her assault on her Mistress’s clit and she was quickly rewarded by her loud, strong eruption. It took Lisa several minutes to calm down and regain her composure.

Once she had, she told Summer that that was one of the best orgasms she had ever experienced and to think it was caused by her new slut. For some strange reason, Summer smiled to herself satisfied that she had pleased Lisa so well. As she was looking up from her knees with her fingers still inside of her Mistress, she felt the flash of the camera once again. Lisa told Abby to make sure to catch her slut cleaning her fingers of my pussy juice.

Lisa instructed her slut to look directly into the lens and to make sure that she cleaned her fingers and hand completely. As Summer did as instructed, Abby continued to take pictures, while all the time wishing the itch in her crotch would go away. She had never seen anything like she had just witnessed and she was quite turned on. She had played with women before, but she had never seen anything like this where a woman was so submissive to another woman. Abby thought to herself, I need to find me a slut and be her mistress too!

Lisa pulled her thong back on and as she pulled the tiny slip of fabric between her pussy lips, she could not help but feel somewhat sorry for Summer. After all, she was her best friend; she had a great job, a terrific husband and two wonderful children. How in the world had she been so naïve to think that she could convince this Master T to return one picture if she was willing to do anything to get it back? It was not the fact that Summer was trying hard to please this Master T, but that she so willingly had become a slut for him, for the boy at school and now for her. I wonder how far she will go, she thought.

Lisa, as she pulled her skirt down, said to Summer, “Slut, I did not appreciate you taking so long to respond to my directions to lick my pussy. I had to force you down onto your knees when you knew it was your purpose to please me. Because of your disregard for my directions, I think we should end this relationship and just go ahead and let James know what a true slut you are. I see no way that you will be able to fully submit to me.”

She looked down into Summer’s eyes as she saw them well up with tears. Summer began, “Lisa, please do not do that. I will do anything you tell me to do.”

Lisa knew she had her, but she needed to push farther. “Slut, as I feel like you are truly repentant, I will give you one more chance. But, slut, how dare you call me by my first name. Sluts must be subservient and know the proper way to address her Mistress. For this transgression, get up off your knees, pull up your skirt and bend over this counter RIGHT NOW!”

As Summer rose from her feet, Abby was shocked by the scene playing out in front of her. She was still clutching the camera when she heard Lisa speak to her, “Abby, I need you to help me punish this slut. She made the mistake of calling me by my first name, and I cannot let that pass. Go to the slut’s pocket book and pull out her brown hair brush.”

As Abby was rummaging through Summer’s purse, her mind began to wonder about just what Lisa had in store for the poor woman. As she handed the thick brush to Lisa, she was taken aback when Lisa said, “No, I want you to take over her punishment. I have to go back out to the bar and massage the egos of the three men who sent you in after me. I want you to give her five hard strokes across this very firm ass.”

Lisa continued with her instructions to Abby, “When you are done paddling my slut, stick the handle of the brush into her pussy, force it in as deep as you can and then fuck her with it until she cums.

Lisa further instructed Abby, “Send my new slut out to me at the bar immediately afterwards as I want to see her face reveal the depth of the orgasm. Thank you for your help and maybe I can get you to help me with her in the future.”

With those instructions, Lisa unlocked the bathroom door and headed back to the bar.

As Abby drew closer, Summer rising off of the counter top began to plead, “Please do not paddle me Abby. I do not think that I can take any more degradation today. You can just tell Lisa you paddled me, PLEASE Abby.”

With the situation turning in her favor, Abby pushed Summer back down on the counter top and told her, “You are a slut and your Mistress told me to punish you for your insubordination. You better make sure that you keep your skirt pulled up and your ass poked out.”

With that Abby struck the first of the required blows on the poor woman’s ass. As she raised her hand to strike the next blow, she saw the results from her first blow as a red whelp began to form on Summer’s right cheek. With that in mind, Abby aimed for the left cheek and delivered a blow with the same intensity of the first.

Summer pleaded again for Abby to stop saying, “I have never been paddled in my life. This is too much and I do not deserve to be treated this way especially by you!”

This remark drew Abby’s ire and she landed a harder blow below the first blow on Summer’s right cheek and without pausing she struck the slut’s left cheek in the same location just below the whelp from the second stroke and then Abby questioned Summer, “Now slut, where should I land this last blow. Tell me where you want it slut!”



Again Summer begged, “Please I cannot take any more. My cheeks are on fire, I understand my mistake and I will not do it again. Please do not hit me again.”

Abby now angrily said to Summer, “Oh, slut, how can you think that I will not complete your punishment?”

Abby continuing, “You know that you are being punished for being insubordinate to Mistress Lisa, but you also insulted me by saying you should not be treated this way by me, meaning a lowly waitress.

Abby, almost laughingly said, “For that, I am going to add two more strokes so that both of your ass cheeks will have the same number of strokes as well as whelps.”

With that, Abby took one step back from poor Summer and swung with all her might landing a blow just below each ass cheek where the cheeks met her legs.

Summer was now sobbing uncontrollably when Abby began to insert the handle of her brush into her pussy. Summer asked, “What are you doing? You have done what my Mistress asked you to do. You need to stop this now!”

But unfortunately for Summer, Abby was following the final instruction from Lisa and was going to fuck her with the hair brush turned paddle and now turned dildo. The paddle handle was wide and was about five inches in length. When Abby had successfully plunged the handle up to the bristles of the brush, she began to slowly fuck the brush in and out of Summer’s overflowing pussy.

Abby asked, “You are really enjoying this aren’t you slut? Your cunt is so wet and I bet you really got off on getting paddled by me? Tell me slut, you liked it didn’t you?”

“Nooooooo”, Summer moaned as Abby continued to apply pressure as she continued fucking the brush into Summer’s pussy.

Abby questioned Summer again, “Come on slut, I can see how wet you are. Your cunt lips are trying their best to grip the handle as I force in and out of your cunt. So tell me to fuck you harder, let me hear you.”

When Summer did not respond fast enough, Abby suddenly pulled the brush out her pussy and once again lashed two blows across the bright red ass cheeks.

“AAAAWWWWW, god please stop hitting me Abby. Yes I enjoy the paddling, but my ass is hurting too bad,” Summer screamed.

Summer could not believe that she actually said that, but something was happening to her. She was actually getting off on being spanked and the degradation of being fucked by her own hair brush while on the bathroom counter was turning her on even more.

Abby then asked Summer, “Do you want me to spank you again or do you want me to fuck your cunt with your brush?”

Summer begged Abby, “Please put it in me and do not spank me anymore.”

Abby was not satisfied with Summer’s response and said to her, “Slut beg me for it, and I want to know that you want me to fuck your cunt.”

Summer was overcome with desire once and again begged, “Please Abby stick that handle back inside my cunt and fuck me with it until I cum.”

Abby then told Summer to reach around and spread her asscheeks as she wanted to see the handle work its way in and out of her cunt.

As Summer spread her cheeks apart, Abby began thrusting the brush into her cunt with an increasing frequency. She could see Summer’s pussy juices coating the handle and beginning to run down her legs. God, this woman is really turned on by being degraded in this way Abby said to herself.

So, Abby told Summer, “Slut, start rubbing your clit while I fuck your cunt with this brush.”

As Summer began to furiously rub her clit, Abby took a moment to withdraw the brush from Summer’s ass, insert two fingers getting them wet with her juices and then she began forcing them into Summer’s ass. As the fingers got past Summer’s sphincter muscle, Abby jammed the brush handle roughly into poor Summer’s pussy once again. As her fingers steadily slid inside Summer’s ass, Abby began to fuck Summer with renewed vigor with the hair brush turned dildo.

When her two fingers were completely inserted into Summer’s ass, Abby pushed the brush all the way to the bristles again and suddenly Summer exploded in orgasm. Abby could feel Summer’s ass squeezing her fingers in response to the orgasm, but she noticed that Summer continued to rub her clit. Seeing this, Abby started up her assault on Summer’s cunt again with deeper and harder thrusts of the brush. It was not long until Summer came again.

Abby could see that Summer was almost totally spent. Abby then instructed, “Get up slut. Pull your skirt down and get out to your Mistress.”

When Summer did not respond immediately, her ass was met once again with the pain inflicted by Abby and her own brush. On the third stroke, Summer jumped up from her position against the counter, pulled her skirt down, took the brush, placed it in her pocket book and headed out the bathroom door. 

Abby stayed in the bathroom for a while slowly touching herself under her bar issued denim miniskirt. She pulled aside her white cotton thong panties and found her own pussy to be soaking wet. She could feel the crotch of her skimpy thong was a wet mess of her pussy juices.

Abby knew that her punishment of Summer had made her soaking wet as the material of her white cotton thong left no doubt. Abby made her pussy even wetter by the explosion of what she knew would be many orgasms that night as she would be meeting her football playing boyfriend who was home for the weekend. Abby thought to herself how much Calvin would enjoy fucking a slut like this school teacher.

As Summer made her way to the bar, she saw that Lisa was engaged in conversation with three men. Lisa was sitting between two and the third was standing behind her. As Lisa saw Summer approaching, she said, “Here is my slut. I want you to meet Bill, Frank and Gary. Tell them hello slut.”

Summer reached her hand out and shook each man’s hand. “Slut that is not how you are to greet any man properly. Give each one of them a full kiss,” Lisa hissed.

As Summer cuddled up to the Bill, she felt his arms wrap around her and then his mouth as his tongue was thrust into her mouth. She returned the advance and was locked in a passionate kiss while his hands roamed over her back, then down to her ass. When Bill broke off his kiss, he spun Summer around until she was met with Frank’s lips and arms. Frank’s kiss was much deeper and stronger than Bill’s as Summer felt his hands move immediately to her ass. Summer felt her body responding to the physical and stimulating assault of these complete strangers. She could not believe that her best friend, her Mistress, was making her do that right there in the bar. As Bill’s kiss ended, she was spun again and was met with a mustached kiss from Gary. His hands wasted little time as one cupped her ass cheeks while the other slid between her legs and found Summer’s overflowing pussy. Gary’s finger found her clit and began ins a light massage, before he forced two of his digits into her pussy.

As he pulled his fingers from her pussy, Gary broke his kiss and helped Summer up onto her barstool. The men could see the tops of her thigh hi hose as her skirt was opened all the way to her crotch as she sat on the stool. Summer crossed her legs and tried to pull the skirt over them so that she could hide her pussy from the view of these strange men. 

She looked pleadingly at her friend, who gave her a stern look and shook her head. Summer immediately knew that she was required to keep her legs uncrossed. As she uncrossed her legs, Summer looked down and could plainly see the lacy tops of her thigh hi’s, her white creamy thighs and she could just make out her pubic hair. Summer knew that the men could see everything and closed her eyes hoping that Lisa would come to her senses.

About that time, a tray of tequila shots arrives with limes and salt. Lisa handed a shot glass to each of the men and then told Summer, “Slut, I want you to pour salt on your neck for each man to lick before they take their shots.” 

Summer took the salt shaker, stuck her finger into her mouth, rubbed some saliva onto her neck and then shook some salt for Frank to lick. As she felt his tongue on her neck, Summer once again felt stimulation because Frank’s tongue was taking a very long time in removing the salt from her neck and then he took his shot glass, downed its contents and then took the lime into his teeth.

When he finished, Summer heard Lisa say, “Slut, now do some for Bill and Gary, only this time use juice from your cunt!”

Summer could not believe this instruction and said, “Lisa I cannot do that, not here in the bar. I understand that I am your slut, but that is taking it too far in public. I cannot do that.”

Lisa then said, “Hey guys, come here and look at my camera. I think that you will find the contents to be quite interesting. I know my slut will not mind me sharing them with you as I will be sending them to her husband when I get home later tonight.”

Lisa continued to hiss at Summer and said, “I wonder what James will think when he finds out that his sweet Summer is in fact a horny, slut teacher.”

Summer pleaded, “Oh, God Lisa, please don’t do that. I will do as you demand, but please don’t share those pictures. I am out of control and do not know what is wrong with me.”

Lisa sneered back at Summer, “What did you call me slut?”

To which Summer immediately replied, “Please forgive me Mistress. I am so used to calling you Lisa after all of our years of friendship. Please forgive me. I will do as you have directed.”

With that being said, Summer reached between her legs and felt the lips of her pussy to discover the wetness there. She thought to herself that she had never felt this wet in all of her life. Summer quite easily gathered some of her juices on her fingers and reached up to spread it on each side of her neck. She took the salt shaker, poured some in her hand and then applied it to the pussy juice wet spots on her neck. Bill and Gary both leaned in licked the salt from Summer’s neck and then took their shots.

Just then, as if on cue, Abby walked up carrying three shot glasses filled with Sex on the Beach Shooters and placed each on the bar counter in front of Summer.

Abby said to Summer, “Slut, your Mistress demanded that I bring these to you. I am going to take each glass, pour the contents into my mouth and then you are going to suck the juice from my mouth.”

With that, Abby grabbed the first glass, poured its contents into her mouth for all to see, grabbed Summer by the back of her neck, forced her mouth over hers and then let the contents flow into Summer’s mouth to be swallowed. Abby repeated this drinking game two more times and after completion of the third drink, she could see the effects of the first shot with the ecstasy starting to take hold of Summer……………..

Summer was awakened in her bed by the ringing of her phone. It was her husband James with his weekly call to her from Asia. Summer listened to him talk for almost thirty minutes and she barely could respond to any of his statements. Her mind was racing over the events of the previous day, Master T’s instructions, her car exposure to Todd, the submission to Lisa, the paddling by the waitress and then drinks, flashing, groping and kissing those strangers.

As James was wrapping up his call he asked, “Summer, is everything ok? You sound very distant and not too responsive to me.”

Summer lied, “Honey, I had a rough day yesterday, had too many drinks with Lisa and must have fallen asleep once my head hit the pillow. So, when are you coming home to me?”

James then had to tell her, “My boss has told me that I will have to extend my stay for at least two to four more weeks. It seems that Tokyo cannot get along without my expertise and there is no way the company can afford to send a second executive out here. Are you going to be okay with that, baby?”

Summer, almost angrily said, “Well James what choice do I have. I will be ok, but I am not going to sit around the house while you are away. I am thinking about taking a weekend drive down to my sister’s house at the beach. Is that ok with you?”

James immediately sensing his wife’s troubles with is stay said, “Of course it is Summer. You take the time and visit Jane. I am sure that she would love to see you.”

With that, Summer said goodbye to her husband, she loved him, but his trip was not coming at a very convenient time. Given that she was trying to get herself out of the picture jam, it might be better that he was away a little longer, which would give her time to get that damn picture back. Her life was further complicated by Todd and Lisa. She might visit her sister, but, first she had to get that picture back...


