Summer's Blackmail Ch. 04
wilcox010©
Summer Wayne, the 40 year-old married English teacher has spent the previous day being forcibly submissive to Master T, her internet tormentor, Todd Spillers (an innocent student) and her best friend Lisa. She had been forced to suck Todd in the school parking lot and her best friend had forced her to eat her pussy in the bathroom at their favorite margarita bar. In addition to that, Summer had been forced to lie across the bathroom counter while Abby, the waitress, used Summer's wide hair brush as a paddle then a dildo. Summer could not remember the rest of the evening after Lisa had made her drink three Sex on the Beach shooters from Abby's mouth at the bar. She had just hung up the phone from her weekly Saturday morning call with her husband James who was in Asia and had told her that his trip had been extended by at least two weeks which meant he would be there about a month.

*************************************************

As Summer lay in her empty bed between the Egyptian cotton fibers sheets, her mind wandered back to the events that led to her current situation. If only she had not been so playful on the sex site and had not been so difficult with Master T initially, maybe just maybe she would not be where she was today. She had complied with his every texted request and demand in the hope that he would relent and agree to return the damn picture of her on the bathroom counter. If James had only not taken it, she would have never been able to send it in the first place.

As she lay there, Summer's mind wandered back to the scene in the car with Todd where she had been made by Master T to take her pink panties off and place them on the passenger seat next to her. Summer remembered the look on Todd's face as he glanced into her car, first looking at the panties then down between her legs. She remembered Todd getting into the car, the feel of his hands on her breasts, her legs and then on her pussy mound. Summer's hands started slowly sliding down the sides of her white silk nightie. When her hands found the bottom him, she started pulling the bottom of the nightie up until it was above her breasts.

Summer's right hand rested on the mound of her pubic hair remembering the fact that Lisa's pussy was completely shaven and how Master T had said that it was disgusting to have the amount of hair that Summer had. Summer playfully tugged at her mound of hair and then slowly lowered her hand to her already moist pussy. Her middle finger found her already erect clit, moistened by her juices and she slowly began to stimulate her clit with a circular pattern. Her left hand now has slowly working its way up to her breasts and she found her nipples already erect. Summer's finger and thumb found the first nipple and closed around it to begin a soft, but consistent squeezing of the tip further hardening her silver dollar sized nipple.

As Summer's fingers worked their magic on her hairy pussy, she began to brutally squeeze and twist her nipples. Summer turned her head to one side, remembered the 8" black dildo in its hiding place in her bedside table. She reached over, pulled the large cock out of the drawer and placed the tip against her pussy lips. As she fantasized about sucking Todd's cock in her car on Friday afternoon, she let the bulbous head of the black cock slip past her the lips of her mouth and she slowly worked it into her mouth to help moisten it for its ultimate journey deep inside her moistening pussy.

Summer's left hand returned to her pussy and spread her lips wide as her right hand pulled the black cock from her mouth to lower it to her waiting pussy. As the head slipped slowly inside her, Summer let out a soft murmur as the black cock found the edge of her G spot. Summer's mind wondered back to the bar and the drinks that she had with the three men and Lisa. For some reason, she could not remember how the evening ended, but she felt comfort in knowing that she had woken up in her own bed.

As Summer sunk the black cock all the way into her pussy, her body began to quiver from the beginning of what she hoped would be several intense orgasms. She began to pump the black into and out of her pussy meeting each thrust with her upraised hips. Her nipples began to cry out from the pain she was inflicting on each of them as she seemed to crave the pain associated with the ultimate pleasure she would receive from the cock she held in her hands and with the muscles of her pussy. Just then, the head of the black dildo found her sweet spot and Summer's body erupted into an orgasm that took her breath away.

As the ebbs from her first orgasm subsided, Summer began to jam the black cock faster and faster into her now sopping wet pussy. She began envisioning the spanking given to her by Abby the waitress and then the paddle turned dildo being inserted deeply into her pussy as she was forced to lie across the bathroom counter in the restaurant last night. As if on cue, the last thrust of the black cock into her pussy caused Summer to experience yet another tremendous orgasm. But her need to cum again led Summer to spread her legs even wider than they had grown on their own and she once again jammed her black cock deeper and harder into her pussy until the inevitable happened and she screamed in orgasmic bliss.

As Summer was able to gather herself after her three orgasms and calm down, she noticed that her white silk nightie was drenched in sweat even though it was bunched up above her breasts. She casually got out of bed, cast aside the nightie and jumped into the shower. As the hot water cascaded over her body, Summer began to bathe herself with lilac fragrance soap. As she scrubbed the older skin cells from her body, she began to relax and enjoy the feeling of her hands on her body once again. Suddenly Summer said to herself, "Get hold of yourself. Why am I touching myself this way and why can't I stop?"

Quickly, Summer turned the shower water off and lightly patted her now exfoliated skin dry. She moistened the skin with several of her favorite lotions and oils. As she turned to look at herself in the mirror, she stopped to gaze at the mound of pubic hair lying above her pussy and she once again thought of Lisa's smooth mound. Summer thought to herself why Lisa would shave such a private place and to also let her husband see it. Summer patted her mound dry and then pulled on her white silk, almost see through robe. She slipped on her low heeled dressing slippers and padded down the steps to the kitchen. She poured herself a cup of hot coffee, put in a touch of half and half and then sat down to watch the morning TV news shows.

Summer was not sure how long it had been, but her coffee was now cold and she had not drunk more than a couple of sips. She could not focus for some reason and she still could not remember what happened at the bar after she drank her three Sex on the Beach shooters from Abby's mouth. She remembered feeling slightly woozy, but that is all that she could remember. Summer guessed that she had gotten too drunk after the drinks from Abby, the multiple orgasms in the ladies room and that Lisa had gotten her home somehow. Then she thought, "Oh God, where is my car?"

Summer jumped out of her kitchen chair and raced out to the garage. But her fears were unfounded as her car was in the garage, the garage door was down and there was no apparent damage to her convertible.

As she padded her way back into the kitchen, after placing her coffee cup into the microwave she picked up the remote to turn the volume back on for the TV, when her doorbell rang. To herself Summer yelled, "Fuck." As she walked to the door wondering who could be bothering her at 10:30 on a Saturday morning, she saw Todd Spillers standing on her front porch.

Fortunately, James had found a home that was set back pretty far from the street with a curved walkway so that anyone passing by would not have been able to see her young student standing on her porch.

As Summer opened the door, she asked, "Todd, what are you doing here? You know that a student should not be seen entering the home of a teacher. What would someone who saw you think?"

Without even acknowledging her question, Todd strolled into Summer's home that she shared with her husband James and where her two children had been raised. Once inside, Todd whirled around and said to his sexy English teacher, "Slut, do not question my being here. You are mine now and you do not have any right to refuse me in any way I choose to demand that you do."

Summer was immediately taken aback by the student's aggressive style with her. His demeanor caught her completely off guard as she said, "Todd, I must insist that you leave our home. My husband is due back any time and I am sure that you would not want him to find you here."

Todd continued in on her, "Slut, I know that your husband is out of the country for at least four more weeks. I also know that you were to anticipate my arrival based on your last communication with Master T last night. You do remember his message telling you to expect me today, right?"

Summer stood stunned before Todd trying to remember what exactly the last message was from her tormentor Master T. She then remembered and said to Todd, "Yes I remember. It said that you would be bringing me directions from Master T and that I would have a busy Saturday."

"Slut, I am Master T," exclaimed Todd.

Summer was stunned and went right back at Todd, "There is no way you could be Master T. You are a student and could not possibly get a profile on an internet site."

"Slut you either the stupidest woman that ever walked the earth or the most naïve slut I have ever dealt with," shouted Todd.

Summer continued, "How is it possible that you could get access to a site in the first place Todd?"

Todd continued to toy with his new conquest, "Slut, access is easy if you know how. The hard part used to be finding a willing woman to chat with me. But, you my sweet are the easiest I have ever dealt with. I could not believe my good fortune when you sent me that wonderfully explicit and full face picture of you. The look on your face with your pussy filled that big black dildo was very erotic."

Summer shakily replied, "Todd I do not believe you. I think that you are trying to take Master T's place or at least take advantage of the situation. Please leave now!"

Angrily Todd said, "Slut, just this one time I will prove to you who I am. Go and get your phone."

As Summer walked across the floor and headed up the stairs, Todd began to look longingly at his new found slut. He could see Summer's ass cheeks gently sway as she made each step.

Todd took out his phone and texted to Summer, "Slut, I am truly Master T. Come back down the stairs with only your white slippers. If you do not come down as I demand, I will leave, log onto my computer and send the attached picture along with the original of you to the school's website and also to my parents, signed Master T."

Just as Summer reached her bedroom, she heard the familiar chime of her phone set to ring for text messages, which was different from her call ring tone. As she picked up the phone, she saw that indeed she had a text message from Master T. As she opened the text, Summer's eyes grew wide and began to tear up.

There on her screen was a message from Master T that said that Todd was indeed Master T. To give her further proof, Master T had attached a picture of her from yesterday in the car with Todd's cum on her lips. In addition to the car picture, Master T had attached the original picture of her lying on the bathroom counter with the black dildo stuffed into her pussy.

In compliance with Master T's directions, Summer loosened the tie of her white silk robe and let it fall off of her shoulders. She wiped away the tears that had started to flow from her eyes and took a wash cloth to wipe away the trails of the tears that had streaked her puffy cheeks. As she exited her bedroom, she cast an eye towards the full length dressing mirror and silently whispered to herself, "Summer, you are such an idiot and you are so fucked!"

Todd was waiting at the bottom of the stairs as was able to take in all of Summer's nakedness as her feet touched each of the steps. He could see her still firm breasts lightly bounce as her feet went from step to step. Todd could not help but smile to himself over his good fortune and the dumb, naïve actions of his newest slut, Summer Wayne, High School English teacher.

When Summer completed her trip down the stairs of her house and she stood in front of Master T, she looked him directly in the eyes and begged, "Todd, please stop this. I have done all that you have asked of me. Please give me back the picture and let's end this ridiculous game".

Todd stood silent for what seemed like an eternity to Summer. She watched his facial expressions and got nothing in return. She tried to read his thoughts, but he was not forthcoming with what he was thinking or what his next step might be. She did not have to wait any longer.

Todd, almost screaming, "Slut, don't you ever refer to me as Todd. You may refer to me as Mr. Spillers at school when someone is around. But, at all other times you are to refer to me as Master T. Do you understand slut?"

Summer, was visibly shaken by his words and simply replied, "Yes Master T."

"Slut, for your transgressions today, you need to be punished. I am not ready to hand out your punishment at this point as I want to complete the inspection of my slut's body. Now bend over and place your hands around the banister post on the first step while I use my hands to inspect your pussy and ass," were Todd's first instructions for the day.

As Summer slowly swung round on her low heels, Todd could not believe how responsive she was to his demands. When Summer had complied with his instruction Todd said, "Slut, spread your legs wider and make sure that you do not move unless I tell you to. Do you understand slut?"

Summer quickly replied, "Yes Master T, I understand."

With that, Summer quickly slid her legs outward as far as she could comfortably and awaited Master T's next instruction.

Todd looked at Summer from behind and he thought that he had never seen anything as erotic and sexy as he was seeing right then. He just stared at the ass cheeks that were at such an inviting level, the nice spread crack that he could follow down to the pouty lips of his slut's asshole and he could see the moisture on Summer's pussy lips that revealed that she was getting turned on with only a bit of degradation from him. Todd knew that she was quite submissive and wondered if she was a true submissive hiding in school and her English text books.

Todd then began to trace a line from above Summer's ass down each cheek to the top of each thigh. Then he allowed his hands to roam back up to her hips. He then spread his new slut's ass cheeks wider so he could see the full length of her ass crack right down to Summer's clit. With his left hand still pulling on Summer's cheek, Todd slowly trailed the index finger of his right hand to the entrance to her ass hole and then slowly made its way to her pussy lips. Todd swore that he heard a low murmur coming from his newest conquest and the thought to himself that Summer was so much easier to control than any of the high school girls he had made into his slave.

Slowly, Todd inserted his index finger into what was now a sopping wet pussy of his English teacher. As his finger pressed deeper into Summer's pussy, Todd could feel her muscles instinctively grasp and clutch his finger. Todd slowly inserted a second and then a third finger.

As Todd's third finger entered her pussy Summer let out a low moan and begged, "Please Master T. Do not do this to me. You are my student and I cannot allow you to treat me in this manner."

Todd quickly removed his fingers and began to savagely attack Summer's ass cheeks with his large hands. Standing over 6' 5" and weighing over 250 pounds created a good deal of force and angle when he started to apply his punishment.

After 25 smacks on her ass, Summer finally begged, "Master T, please stop. I apologize for my disrespect. I promise to not do that again."

Todd knew that Summer was a proud woman and would not completely give in until he had had more time with her. But, he relented and said, "Very good slut. To prove your sincerity, I want you to get down on your hands and knees, take off my tennis shoes, my socks and then lick my toes until I tell you to stop."

Summer hesitated for only a second and slowly turned around, fell to her knees, placed her hands on the floor and slowly crawled to where Todd stood. Summer deftly untied first one shoe then the other. She lightly pulled on Todd's first sock and he assisted by lifting first one foot then the other. Summer hesitated before she slowly lowered her head towards Todd's large feet. As her face neared her tormentor's toes, the scent from a young boy's feet after being confined in worn tennis shoes caused Summer to lightly gag. 

Without her knowing it, Todd had removed the belt from his cargo shorts and as if anticipating her non-compliance, let loose a terrible blow across Summer's ass. Todd followed the first blow with three more well placed strikes across his slut's ass. He could see the whelps immediately begin to form across her beautiful ass cheeks. Todd almost felt sorry for her, but he could only say, "Slut, get that tongue out of that sexy mouth of yours and start working on my toes. They are sore from football practice and I need some tender therapy."

Slowly, Summer's tongue extended until she felt Todd's first toe and she went to work doing as she had been directed. She did not want Todd to know that for some reason, the blows to her ass by both his hands and now his belt had caused her body to tremble. Summer could feel that she was on the edge of an orgasm and she did not want Todd to know.

As Summer continued to lick Todd's large toes and feet, she began to be overcome with a desire to please this young master. Kneeling before him on her hands and knees while she licked and sucked his toes made her feel very strange and all she could think about was pleasing him. She began to enthusiastically suck on his big toes and was able to get one into her mouth where she treated it like a cock.

Looking down Todd said, "That's it slut. Suck my toes. Show me how much you want to please your master. Let me hear you say it slut."

Summer stopped in mid-suck and looked up towards Todd and said, "Master T, I am glad that I am pleasing you. It makes me feel wonderful to know that you are happy with me.'

Once he was satisfied with her compliance Todd ordered, "Slut, go into the kitchen and make me some breakfast. Call me when you have prepared a satisfactory meal for your Master as I will be in your bedroom looking at your clothes."

Summer watched as Todd bounded up the stairs on his way to the bedroom she shared with James. As he reached the top of the stairs, Summer turned and headed to the kitchen dressed only in the morning slippers.

When Todd reached Summer's bedroom, he paused to think about the times that she had sex with her husband in that very bed. He wondered if her husband tied her to the four posts to have his way with her. Todd took a mental picture of the bed for his future enjoyment, but today he had other plans for his slut teacher.

Todd first went through the drawers until he came upon the one that contained the undergarments of his slut. He laid each piece out on the bed making sure to align the bras and matching panties. Todd's first reaction was that there were not enough thongs. Summer had some sexy panties in a string bikini version, but he preferred thongs.

Todd took all of Summer's cotton panties and threw them into the nearby trashcan. Then he found several plain white bras that also had to go. When he had completed culling the lingerie, he was down to brightly colored sets, several all lace sets and then two sets that quite obviously her husband had bought for her to be seen by no one. Todd selected a red bra and matching lace thong. The bra was one of those that he had seen in the Fredrick's catalog that had no material to cover Summer's nipples. He thought to himself and then remembered they were called shelf bras. Then he remembered that Summer had described her best friend Lisa's lingerie and she had been wearing a red shelf bra last night. "I wonder if their husbands got together and went shopping for lingerie for their wives," Todd said to no one.

Todd then went to the closet to find the right outfit for his slut to wear on there first excursion together. He wanted everyone to know that Summer was a slut and he was going to make sure that anyone taking a close inspection of her would know that she was indeed his slut.

Todd found the usual conservative wardrobe for his English teacher. He went through the entire closet until he found the items he was looking for, which of course were in the very back of the closet to be seen by no one.

Todd pulled out a short blue jean skirt that buttoned up the front and he found a beige, short sleeved summer sweater. He looked through Summer's shoe tree hoping to find a pair of six inch high heels. But, given the conservative nature of his slut's job, he had to be satisfied with a black patent leather pair that had only four inch high heels. Next, Todd found Summer's stash of hosiery and was pleased to find that she indeed had a black garter belt that would contrast with the red lingerie set he had selected. He looked and found a brand new pair of back seamed hose to complete the ensemble for his slut teacher's introduction to her new life.

Just as Todd had completed laying the items on the bed that Summer shared with her husband, he heard her call from downstairs indicating that breakfast was ready. As Todd headed out of the bedroom, he had one more thought, "I wonder where the black dildo is?"

Todd's first guess was right as he found the rubber dong in the bedside table. He picked it up and headed out of the bedroom. As he reached the second floor landing, he saw Summer standing at the foot of the stairs, still clad only in her white bedroom slippers. 

Todd thought to himself, "God she looks good. I am going to enjoy showing her off today and the thrill of piercing those perfect nipples, hot cunt lips and even piercing her right ear for a show of ownership."

When Todd got to the bottom step he handed the black dildo to Summer and he headed into the kitchen. Without saying a word to her, he felt Summer trail two steps behind him. As he seated himself at the table, he saw Summer begin to take a seat across the table from him. He noticed that she had prepared two plates.

Todd then said, "Slut, who said that you could eat? I did not give you permission to sit down nor did I give you permission to prepare a place for you at the table."

"But, Master T, I am so hungry. Please let me ear," Summer begged.

Todd continued like he did not even her Summer speak, "Slut, dump that food into the trash can and then come and stand beside me."

Dejectedly, Summer carried the china plate to the pantry, scrapped the breakfast from the plate and then placed the plate on the kitchen counter. Summer then walked the three steps from the counter to the table and stood beside Todd as she had been instructed.

Todd started talking slowly, but firmly to Summer, "Slut, when are you going to realize that in my presence, you will do only as directed and everything you are directed to do. I will not hesitate to end this little payment plan and send out an album that contains many pictures that depict you as the slut you are. Do you understand me slut?"

Summer, with tears welling up in her eyes looked directly at Todd and pleaded, "Master T, I am sorry and please forgive me. But, I am feeling things that I have never felt before and I would like for them to go away as soon as possible. Can we please end this now?"

Todd grabbed Summer by the hand and quickly jerked her across his lap. Because he was fairly close to the table, this action caused Summer to be wedged between Todd's tight abs and the edge of the table. Todd began to pound Summer's sexy ass with his right hand until he heard her beg him to stop. Todd grabbed Summer by the hair on the back of her head and jerked her up to her feet in one swift motion. Summer was stunned by the sheer force of Todd's action and froze next to him.

Todd yelling at Summer, "Slut, didn't you hear me ask you a question? You do understand that I will just walk out the door this minute, head back to my house, put together a nice picture album depicting you in various positions that reflect how slutty you really are and then send them to my friend who will post them on the school website. 

Todd continued, "After I have done that, I will sit down with my father, your husband's boss, and detail to him what you have made me do. How you have taken advantage of me after I requested your help in raising my grade."

Todd then hit Summer with, "What do you think the school board and your husband will say when everyone finds out what kind of slut you really are Summer?"

Todd continuing his verbal assault on Summer's brain, "I bet the authorities would find a way to put you in jail for all the things I have documented you doing!"

Summer was stunned. She had hoped that today would be the end of her problem with Todd. Now she understood the depth of his control and the length to which he was willing to degrade her. And then there was that feeling deep inside her that made her feel the need to comply with his demands without hesitation.

So Summer resigned herself to her submission and said to Todd, "Master T. I am sorry. I fully understand my situation and will do everything you demand me to do."

"Good answer slut. Now get up on this table, lie down and spread those sexy legs for me," ordered Todd.

Summer sat her ass right beside Todd's breakfast plate and slowly edged herself up onto the table. When her head reached the other side of the table, her legs were dangling off of the table to Todd's right and her brunette hair was hanging over the edge of the table.

Todd then said, "Slut, use your hands and spread your cunt lips. I do not want to see any pubic hair around your slut hole."

Summer moved her hands down to her pubic mound and slowly spread her pussy lips using the middle finger of each hand. Summer could feel moisture on the lips of her pussy and she was embarrassed by the thought that her student, just inches away at her breakfast table was looking directly into her pussy. But for some reason, the thought of him looking sent a shiver down her body.

Then Summer heard Todd say, "Slut, put your feet flat on the table and open your knees so that I can better see your cunt."

Summer scooted further onto the table, which made her head hang slightly off of the table on the other side from Todd. As she laid her head back she heard Todd say, "Slut, look at me when I talk to you."

Summer raised her head and looked directly down her body to find that Todd was sitting between her legs and he was staring directly into her pussy. Summer asked, "Master T, please don't make me do this. This is too embarrassing as I feel like I am at the gynecologist office waiting for an examination of my vagina."

Todd continued to look directly into Summer's cunt when he said, "Slut, you will refer to your pussy as cunt. You are never to utter the word pussy or vagina. Do you understand slut?"

Summer quickly said, "Yes Master T I understand."

With that, Summer spread her legs as wide as she could. She could feel Todd's breath on the lips of her pussy, oppss, cunt and waited for his next direction. She did not have to wait long.

Todd gave Summer some instructions, "Slut, I want you to use the index finger of both of your hands and I want you to begin rubbing your clit. I want to watch how you stimulate yourself. You are not allowed to cum, so you are to tell me when you are ready to cum."

Summer began to circle her clit with her right finger and with her left index finger she rubbed that small area just below the clit. In no time, Summer began to feel her cunt reacting to the stimulation provided by her fingers. She continued to slowly circle her clit as she slipped the index finger of her left hand into her cunt. She could not believe that she was doing that without having been directed to do so by Master T. 

Todd then told Summer, "Slut, I want you to fuck your hips up to meet the finger as it goes into your cunt. I want you to show me how you fuck your husband James."

Summer could only utter, "Yes Master T."

Summer's body had now taken over her actions without regard to the situation or the fact that she was being blackmailed into performing in this manner. All Summer knew was that she wanted to cum in the worst way. She began to rub her clit more vigorously as she felt Todd's face draw closer to her cunt. She watched his eyes as they were transfixed onto her fingers and cunt mound. She felt his hands on her thighs and watched as he lowered his head until she could feel his tongue being inserted into the opening to her cunt. She tried to scoot back towards the invading tongue only to be held in place by Todd's strong hands.

"Slut, stop rubbing your cunt. Pull your cunt lips further apart for me," ordered Todd.

Though she was almost ready to cum, Summer complied with Todd's order and slowly spread her cunt lips even further than she thought possible. At about that time, she felt Todd's tongue on her clit and a finger being inserted into her cunt. Summer squeezed her eyes shut and tried to concentrate on the stimulation being given to her by Todd's tongue and finger. She felt an experienced tongue playing with her clit and a very long finger being pushed into her cunt. She let out a low moan and the lips of her cunt tried in vain to grasp the finger as it slowly was pushed into and then pulled out of her sopping wet cunt. 

She heard Todd tell her to spread her legs even further and as she did this she felt something very large being inserted into the mouth to her cunt. Summer opened her eyes to see Master T begin to push the head of her black dildo into her cunt. Slowly, but steadily, Todd pushed the thick cock into Summer's waiting cunt. 

Todd then told Summer to start fucking her hips to help him to insert the monster cock into her tight cunt. Todd was making an effort to establish a rhythm in his thrusts into the teacher's cunt. Soon, Summer was able to match each thrust of the cock with one of her own with her hips.

As Todd was able to fully insert the thick, black rubber cock, he was also able to slowly insert a thumb from his free hand into Summer's waiting ass. He was able to slip the thumb past her tight sphincter muscles without the slightest resistance from her as she was deeply engaged into fucking her black cock. 

Suddenly, Todd heard Summer plead, "Master T I am going to cum. Please let me cum."

To which Todd answered, "Not yet slut. I want to see how fast you can fuck your hips."

With that, Todd started forcing the cock into his slut's cunt without regard for rhythm and he continued to force his thumb deeper and deeper into her ass. Summer began to fuck her hips up to meet the black cock with uncontrolled lust and Todd was able to force the cock along with the replica balls into the mouth of her cunt. At that point, Summer heard the words that she needed to hear from Master, "CUM SLUT!"

Summer's whole body convulsed in orgasm. Her hips continued to fuck up to meet the thrusts of the black cock administered by Todd as well as the thumb that was buried deep into her ass. Summer had never allowed James to put anything deep into her ass before. She had allowed James to insert a finger part ways in, but never ever did she allow him to fully extend his finger into her. But now, Todd's thumb was driving her towards a second orgasm, but this one was erupting from inside her anal passageway. Summer screamed in orgasmic bliss and squeezed her legs around Todd's face, the black cock and the thumb pressed deep into her hole.

Summer was shaken from her blissful state when Todd said to her, "Slut, I want you to continue fucking your cunt with this black cock. I am going to eat this breakfast while I watch you fuck yourself to orgasm. But you are not allowed to cum unless you beg me."

Summer took control of the black cock from Todd's large hand and began to fuck her cunt in earnest. She took it upon herself to use her free hand to grab her nipples and begin to twist and squeeze them. Summer kept her head up and eyes open as she looked directly at Todd who was nonchalantly eating his breakfast of eggs, bacon, hash browns and wheat toast. He stopped eating for one moment, reached up and gave Summer's right nipple a violent twist that almost sent her over the edge without permission.

Summer quickly begged, "Master T, please let me cum. I am so close that I do not think I can last another second."

Todd just continued to eat his breakfast only now, he was compounding Summer's torment by continuing to squeeze and twist her nipple. Todd took the nipple between his thumb and index finger and pulled it as hard as he could.

Todd then said to Summer, "Slut, cum for me right now."

For added stimulation, Todd pulled Summer's already extended nipple ever further away from her breast. He watched as Summer jammed the big black dildo all the way inside her wet cunt and he could hear the sucking action as her cunt grabbed at the big phallic each time it was forced deep inside her.

Todd could hear Summer erupt into orgasm where she screamed, "Oh God, pull my nipples harder. Fuck me... fuck me... fuck me!"

Todd watched as Summer's hand stopped forcing the cock inside her cunt, but she did not remove it. She turned her head so that she faced him, but her eyes were closed tightly as the last remnants of her orgasms began to fade.

Todd allowed Summer to lay uninterrupted as he finished his last piece of bacon and he drank the last bit of orange juice. When finished, he took his plate, glass and silverware to the sink and quietly placed them on the bottom. He turned the water on to begin washing them when he heard Summer wrestling from the table.

"No Master T, I will do that for you," Summer cheerily said to Todd.

Todd noticed that Summer had waddled over to the kitchen sink with the black cock still fully inserted into her cunt. When Summer was finished cleaning the dishes, Todd headed out of the kitchen and started up the steps to Summer's bedroom. It was time to get her ready for her first excursion as his slut.

"Slut, take the black cock out of your cunt. Now I want you to suck it all the way up to the bedroom you share with James," ordered Todd.

Summer quickly withdrew the black dildo from her cunt and slowly slid it over her lips and into her mouth. She could taste her cunt juices on the cock and she found the juices to be sweeter than she expected. As she climbed the stairs, she admired the firm ass checks of her master, his strong thighs and calves. She remembered that he was the starting linebacker on the school's football team, though she had never been to a game.

As Todd reached the top step, he turned to watch his slut climb the stairs. He noticed that the cock was almost half way into her mouth and the site of it sticking out of her face was somewhat comical. But, nonetheless, she was doing as she had been directed without the slightest hesitation or argument.

As Summer joined him in her bedroom, Todd saw her eyes look over the clothes that he has laid out for her on the bed that she shared with her husband. Summer then turned back to Todd and he could see a pleading look on her face to which he said, "Slut, you can take the cock out of your mouth. But, you must insert it back into that wet cunt of yours."

As Summer pulled the cock from her mouth, she slowly tried to ease the stress on her jaws from being open to such width as a result of the cock's size. She slowly lowered the cock head to the entrance to her cunt and began pushing it inside her. Summer was surprised by how easily the cock slipped all the way into her cunt right up to the artificial sized balls.

Once the cock was fully inserted into her waiting cunt, she heard her master say, "Slut, sit on the floor while I talk to you."

As Summer first knelt then sat on the floor, she could feel the enormous cock being shoved further inside her. The cock was hitting places that had never been touched before by James' cock, which was not small in size either. As she became comfortable with the pressure from the cock, Summer began to rock back and forth, which caused the little nubs at the base of the black dildo to rub intensely against her already enlarged clit. As she continued to rock on the cock, Summer was mesmerized as she watched Todd's young cock slowly begin to harden.

Summer watched intently as Todd began to stroke his eight inch long cock and she remembered how it felt in her mouth just yesterday afternoon. Then Todd said, "Slut, open your mouth as I want to give you a good morning taste of my cum."

With that, Todd moved directly over Summer as she sat on the floor. Her rocking increased as the stimulation from the depth of the black dildo, the nubs on the base and the erotic way that Todd was stroking his cock right before her was more than she could handle.

Suddenly, Todd reached down and grabbed Summer by the hair on the top of her head and raised her so that his cock was even with her mouth. Todd then told her, "Slut, keep fucking that black cock into your pussy, grab my cock and stroke it for me."

As Summer rested on her knees while facing Todd's cock, she grabbed the head and began to stroke it. She could see pre-cum forming on the slit of his cock and she moved her mouth closer to the cock in anticipation of Todd's pending orgasm. As she was stroking Todd's cock, she continued to pump her black dildo roughly in and out of her pussy. All of this action was bringing her to the edge of orgasm when Todd grabbed the back of her head and forced her mouth over his cock just as it erupted. His ejaculation caused an immediate eruption deep inside her pussy as she continued to suck all of Todd's juices with only a light bit slipping out the edges of her mouth.

As her orgasm subsided, she looked up to see that Todd's face gave her the impression that he was not pleased. "Slut, who told you that you could cum," Todd said in anger.

She tried to take her mouth off of Todd's cock, but he would not allow it. He continued in on her, "Slut, you are the stupidest woman I have ever dealt with. Why can't you remember that you cannot to do anything unless I give you permission?"

Todd pulled his cock from Summer's mouth and stepped back from you. "Slut, get up and lie across your bed. Keep that cock buried in your pussy."

As Summer raised herself from the floor, it took some effort to keep the cock buried inside her. As she felt the coolness of her Egyptian cotton sheets against her breasts, she felt Todd's hands spreading her ass cheeks. Without so much as a warning, Todd grabbed the base of the black dildo and began to furiously pump it in and out of Summer's already well fucked cunt. 

"Slut, I want you to reach back with your hands and spread your ass cheeks for me," Todd said as he continued to roughly fuck her cunt.

As Summer's hands snaked out from under her body and reached back to spread her ass cheeks, she felt Todd's saliva hitting her anal entrance. Just then she felt the cock being pulled from her cunt and the head positioned at the entrance to her forbidden passageway. 

Summer screamed, "No Master T. It is too big for me there as it will split me in half."

Todd paid no attention to her and just continued to push the cock past Summer's sphincter muscles. With a slight pop, the head made its way inside her and was followed by almost one half of the length of the cock when Summer heard Todd say, "Slut, you will learn that every time that you disobey me, some form of punishment will be dealt to you."

As Todd pushed the cock deeper into Summer, her eyes began to moisten and the pain was most too much for her when she heard her Master say, "Slut, take the cock and fuck your ass. You had better be enthusiastic about it too!"




Fearing more pain, Summer took the cock from Todd's hands and started to fuck the cock slowly inside her ass. She felt two harsh blows across her ass cheeks.

"Not like that Slut, push back against it with your body so that you can bury it all the way inside," she heard Todd say.

Once again she was being forced to do things that she has never even thought about in her entire life. "Why am I doing this for him," Summer wondered to herself.

Just then, Summer felt the artificial ball sack hit against her cunt lips and she realized that she had the full length of the cock inside her, which she never thought was possible. The realization that she had a black cock buried in her ass caused her to begin to convulse in the initial stages of orgasm when she said, "Master T, I am so close to cumming. May I cum, PLEASE?"

As Todd watched his teacher slut fuck her ass, he could only smile to himself with the knowledge that the rest of his senior year would be a great experience.

Todd then told her, "Slut you can cum, NOW!"

Without hesitation and almost on his cue, Summer exploded in orgasm.

Once she had calmed down, Todd told Summer to go into the bathroom to clean up her mess and to freshen up. Once she had done this, she came back into the bedroom and stood before Todd.

"Slut today is the first day for you to accompany me out in public. I will make sure that no one from your neighborhood will see us together as we will be going places that none of your friends will frequent," Todd said to her.

Todd continued, "Slut, I want you to sit at your make-up table and I want you to apply make-up and eye shadow that will leave no doubt that you are a slut. Once you are finished with your make-up, do the same treatment to your hair."

As Summer sat before her mirror, she began to apply first her base and then the rouge cheek highlight that brought a rosy glow to her face. Then she applied a very dark eye shadow to the lids of her eyes. She then applied eyeliner leaving a slight trail at the end of each eye lid and she followed that with a darkening of her eyebrows. Next, Summer teased and fluffed her hair until it stood out from her head. She applied a thick mouse to her hair which gave it a wilder style than she had ever had before. She had seen the look in the movies, but had never tried it on herself. Lastly, Summer applied a thick coat of deep red lipstick that matched color of her nails.

As she turned towards Todd, he was stunned at the transformation of Summer Wayne, the English teacher who was now his slut. His cock began to twitch again in the shorts that he had just pulled back on. He told himself to calm down as there was lots of time for cumming in and on this slut the rest of the day.

He handed the black garter belt and back seamed hose to Summer. As she slipped one on each leg and fastened it to the belt, she could not help but expose her ass and cunt to the roaming eyes of her young tormentor. She kept saying to herself that I cannot believe that I am being made to do this over a stupid picture.

When she had finished putting the hose on and fastening them to the belt, Todd handed Summer the red thong panties, which she slipped on over the hose. The thong was not nearly wide enough to cover the pubic hair from her pussy. Todd smiled to himself as he knew that before the day was over all of that pubic hair would be gone as well as the hair that trailed up to and around her ass hole.

Next Todd handed the red shelf bra that James had ordered Summer from the Fredrick's catalogue. She had never worn the bra in public and could not imagine what she would look like in a garment that would not cove her silver dollar sized nipples. Next Todd handed Summer the blue jean mini-skirt that buttoned up the front. Summer noticed that the hem of the skirt barely covered the tops of the back seamed hose. Next, Todd handed Summer the beige button up summer sweater and as she put it on, he saw that the sweater was not quite see through, but there was no doubt that anyone looking would be able to see those beautiful nipples. But later today, anyone looking would be able to see nice nipple rings that he was going to give to his slut.

Once satisfied with her attire, Todd said to Summer, "Let's go to the garage and get in your car. We are heading out for the day." 

All Summer could say was, "Yes Master T."

As they got in the car, with Todd driving, all Summer could think about was what is going to happen to me today...................
