Summer's Blackmail Ch. 05
bywilcox010©
Summer Wayne was now fully compliant with her student turned Master. Todd Spillers had successfully taken his high school English teacher and started her on her way to his slut and sex slave. He had spent the last two days since his discovery of her on the Wives Who Need Sex website manipulating Summer into understanding she had no choice but to submit to his demands. The initial picture was damning enough, but the series of pictures that he had forced her to pose for were even more erotic. She now knew that any wavering would cause her tormentor to send pictures that would be placed on the school's website for all to see. Even worse, her husband James, who was out of the country, would receive "special" messages from her Master T the minute she failed to comply. It is now Saturday morning and Summer was being driven in her convertible, with the top down, by Master T. She had no idea what he had in store for her.

I apologize for the length of this chapter. Future chapters will be scene / fantasy specific. This chapter 5 set up several scenarios that will soon be explored. Thanks for reading!!!

*

As Todd Spillers backed out of her garage, all Summer Wayne could think about was how in the world she was going to explain to any of her neighbors her current state of dress and the fact that she was being driven in her car by a very young man. It wasn't so much what she had on, but the fact that what she had on made her look like a wanton slut. 

Todd had made Summer unbutton the buttons on her blue jean mini-skirt so that it was open all the way to the red thong. He also had made her unbutton the beige sweater top so that anyone looking down into the car would have no problem seeing her breasts supported by the red shelf bra that offered no coverage for her silver dollar sized nipples.

Summer was thankful that none of her nearest neighbors were out walking their dog or working in the yards. Todd easily slide the gear shift into drive as the car reached the bottom of the drive way. As he started to guide the convertible out of the subdivision, Summer tried to slide down in her seat hoping that no one would see her. Todd, seeing that, just smiled to himself. He thought that he could be nice enough to allow her a brief respite from servitude as in a little while she would be lost in his demands.

As the car exited the subdivision and headed onto the freeway, Todd looked over at Summer and said, "Ok slut. Enough of you're cowering in the seat. I want you to sit up straight, pull that sweater all the open and put your left hand inside those panties."

As Summer slowly complied with Todd's directions, a pick-up truck came roaring up on Todd's side of the car. The passenger window was rolled down and there was a young man about twenty-five years old sitting by the window. As the truck pulled alongside the convertible, the young man glanced out of the window like almost everyone does and he saw directly into the car. The man had to squint his eyes to focus on what he thought he was seeing. There below him was a young guy with an older woman who was rubbing her pussy while fully exposing her breasts, nipples and red panties. 

Todd glanced up to see the guy looking out of the truck window, let a smile creep across his lips and he slid his hand over onto Summer's left leg. Todd pulled the leg towards him so that Summer's panty clad cunt would be almost directly facing the passenger window of the pick-up truck. 

Todd leaned towards Summer and said, "Squeeze your nipples for me."

Without hesitation, Summer reached up with both hands and began to squeeze both nipples. As she did this, her gaze across the interior of her car towards Todd lead her to see why he had suddenly pulled her leg towards him. There, not more than 10 feet way was a man leering out of a passenger window and he could see everything she was doing. 

As Summer tried to cover herself up, she heard Todd say, "Slut, don't you dare!"

With no protest, Summer went back to squeezing and twisting her nipples. As she continued to twist her nipples, she felt Todd's hand rise above the top of her hose and edge closer to her panty covered cunt. As his finger tips touched the outer lacy edge of the panty, Todd could feel Summer's pubic hair extending slightly beyond the edge of the panty. He slid his fingers under the panty and was able to put his middle finger directly onto his slut's clit.

Todd began to stroke Summer's hardening knob in a circular motion not worrying about being sensitive. Todd could feel a slight bit of moisture forming on Summer's pussy and he began to furiously rub the now hardening clit. All at once, Todd withdrew his hand from Summer's panties, grabbed one of her hands and placed it on the outside of her cunt.

Summer heard Todd say, "Slut cum for me. Let the men in the truck see how much of a slut you are. Cum, NOW!"

Almost as if on cue, Summer exploded in orgasm, while still pulling her nipple and rubbing her clit through her panties. She continued to writhe on the car seat as Todd guided the convertible off of the freeway and exited onto a four lane street. As Summer came down from her orgasm, she opened her eyes to see that the pick up truck was no longer next to the car and she saw that Todd had exited the freeway. Summer did not recognize the area to which Todd had taken her.

As Todd continued driving the convertible down the street, Summer remained slightly slumped in the passenger seat, sweater still completely open and her skirt fully spread exposing her panty covered cunt to anyone who still may peer into the car. She looked at the passing store fronts and began to feel quite uncomfortable. Each building seemed to contain some type of sexually oriented business as well as massage and tattoo parlors.

As the car approached an intersection, Summer heard Todd say to her, "Slut, you better get buttoned up. We are almost there."

Summer quickly sat up and began buttoning up her skirt when Todd say, "Slut, who said you could button your skirt? You can button the top two, but leave the rest undone."

"Master T, if I do that, everyone will be able to see right up to my panties," responded Summer.

To which Todd replied, "Slut, I don't care."

Summer buttoned the two allowed ones, which left four buttons undone. She then asked, "Master T, can I button up my sweater?"

Todd looked over at his slut and saw a very worried and apprehensive look on her face. He then replied, "Slut, if it will make you happy, you can button all but the top three buttons on your sweater."

Summer was grateful for any form of cover as her modesty and her surroundings were making the hairs on her arms stand directly up. Summer looked around and she did not see anything that looked familiar as she had been unable to pay attention to the direction or length of her trip with Todd.

Just then, the car pulled up to the front entrance to the Paradise Parlor. The windows were painted in very bright and festive colors of red, blue, yellow and green. Summer thought that this building did not fit with any of the others in the area and she wondered if Todd had taken her to an area where a slight neighborhood fix up might be occurring.

Todd got out of the car and like a gentleman, came around to open Summer's door and gave her his hand to assist her exit from the car. He could not help but peer directly between her legs as they splayed wide open as she got out of the car. The garter belt and hose fully accentuated her very shapely legs. He also saw that, even though the sweater was somewhat buttoned, it gaped open and he could easily see her 36 C cleavage and could just barely make out the edges of her now hardening nipples.

As they started for the door, Todd said to Summer, "Slut, this is the first of several stops today. You are to do as you are told with no hesitation. Do you understand?"

To which Summer replied, "Yes Master T."

Todd simply said, "Very good slut."

As they walked up to the door, Summer could hear music blaring inside the building. As Todd opened the door for her, Summer could see only into what looked like a waiting room with a glass window behind which sat a stunning red haired woman. As they approached the window, the red head opened the customer window. Summer then got a full view of the red head as she saw a gold ring pierced her left nostril, both eyebrows pierced, a lip stud, a row of studs and rings in both ears.

Todd then said to the red head, "Sarah, this is the noon appointment for my slut, Summer."

Sarah, giving Summer the once over, "Oh, so she is the one that is seeing Marco. I will go and make sure he is ready for you."

Summer grasped Todd's arm and quietly whispered, "Master T, what kind of place is this? Why are you using my name?"

Todd simply said to her, "This is a body piercing parlor and no one here will know who you are, I promise. So shut up."

Summer did as she was told, all the while holding very tightly onto Todd's arm. As the door to the reception area opened to the business side of Paradise, Summer was greeted with a site that showed a corridor that had at least four doors on either side with each brightly painted. 

Marcos shook hands with Todd and then looked towards Summer. Todd then told Marcos, "This is my slut Summer. She is here for her first piercings."

Summer felt sick to her stomach. Her husband James had in the past teasingly suggested that she should get her belly button pierced so that she could show off her trim and firm belly when they were at the beach. She had always politely refused as she felt like it was beneath her to denegregate her body in that manner. She never let James know that she was appalled that he would even suggest it to her, because she loved him and always wanted him to feel like she was willing to please him in any way she could. But, a body piercing seemed to be something only a slut would do.

That is when Summer heard Todd say, "Slut, please let me introduce you to Marcos. He is a long time friend and he is going to help you on your way to appreciating body piercing art."

Marcos extended his hand and Summer placed her hand softly into his. Todd quickly said, "Slut, please give Marcos a proper greeting."

With that, Summer wrapped her arms around Marcos's neck and proceeded to kiss him full on the lips offering her open mouth for his lips and tongue. As Marcos's tongue invaded Summer's mouth, she felt his hands run down her back and grabbed each of her ass cheeks through her blue jean mini-skirt. Summer could feel the material of her skirt begin to rise as Marcos's hands began to roughly massage each cheek. As his hands slipped under the hem line of her skirt, she felt his surprisingly soft hands begin to knead and squeeze the soft flesh of her ass cheeks.

Marcos broke off his kiss and Summer felt both relieved and frustrated by him ending the otherwise passionate kiss. Marcos continued to guide Summer down the corridor to number seven. As Marcos opened the door, he pushed Summer in before him as Todd followed them both. Summer's eyes grew wide as she surveyed the room and its antiseptic feel.

The room contained what she recognized as a small version of the medical examination table used by a gynecologist. The table had an extendable shelf and two stirrup props. There was a lavatory with several different types of disinfectants, a silver tray that was covered by a linen towel and one wall was a cabinet with glass shelving. On that shelving was all sorts of piercing jewelry. 

Summer was standing and staring at the piercing jewelry when she heard Marcos say, "Summer, have you ever had a desire to pierce your body in any way? We have many items that I hope will help you with your decisions today."

Summer turned towards Marcos with tears in her eyes and said, "Marcos, I do not have any interest in having any part of my body desecrated by body jewelry. My husband has asked me to do that in the past and I told him flatly that I was not going to do that."

Todd jumped right in to say, "Marcos, my slut's manners are a very big disappointment to me. I apologize for her behavior. Would you please give us the room for a minute or two?"

Marcos quickly turned to leave the room. As he closed the door, Todd latched the lock and turned towards Summer. In an instant he slapped her hard across the face causing her to whirl and fall towards the medical table. She was able to catch herself with her hands, but as she was trying to stand back up, she felt Todd's weight on her back as he forced her down onto the table.

In one swift motion, Todd raised Summer's skirt above her ass cheeks and he began to pound each cheek with repeated blows from his extra large sized hands. He continued to beat his slut's ass until large red whelps began to from up and down each cheek extending below each cheek to the very tops of the back of her thighs.

After what seemed like fifty blows to her ass, Summer pleaded with Todd, "Master T, I am so sorry. But, I do not believe that it is right for me to have my body pierced. You had never told me that that would be a condition of my compliance."

"Slut, when we got here I told you that you were to do as you were told without hesitation. Do you understand?" inquired Todd.

Summer quickly replied, "Master T, this is all so overwhelming to me. I will do my best to do as you require."

Summer immediately felt the sting of Todd's large hand again as he beat her ass for another five minutes. When he had finished, he paused to ask, "Slut, do you understand?"

Summer could not risk upsetting Todd any further as she had never anticipated that he could get so angry and rough with her. Todd was a very big young man, but she always thought that because he was her student that he would never resort to physical threats against her.

"Master T, I understand," was Summer's meek response.

With that, Todd released Summer, leaving her laying across the examination table and walked to the door, unlocking it and inviting Marcos back in to join them. As Marcos closed and re-locked the door to room seven, Summer heard Todd say to Marcos, "I apologize for the delay. My slut will not give you any more problems I assure you."

Marcos, looking directly at Summer said to Todd, "Do not give it a second thought Todd. I know that she is nervous. I will make her feel at ease, give her what she desires, what you demand and all the while making her body a work of art."

Marcos grabbed Summer by the arm and slowly spun her around until her ass cheeks rested against the cool of the vinyl covering of the table. Marcos told Summer to sit on the table and to place her feet on the small step stool in front of her. As she did this, Summer's ass began to feel a little better as the cool of the table helped to soothe her aching skin.

Marcos quickly said to Summer, "I know that you are nervous. I completely understand that. But you have to understand that I have a job to do and it will be much easier for me if you fully cooperate. Can you do that?"

Summer paused and looked pleadingly at Todd who simply continued to stare right back at her. Summer then said, "Marcos, I will be cooperative, but I am afraid. I do not want to be pierced, but Master T is insisting that I do so."

"Very well then Ms. Summer. Please lay back and place your ankles into the stirrups for your comfort," said Marcos.

As Summer gingerly raised herself up so that she could slide up the table, she was able to just get her ass onto the table with her head all the way to the top of the slightly inclined top of the table. Slowly she raised one foot at the time and placed each stocking clad ankle into the table's stirrups. So there she lay, beige sweater, skirt, garter belt, black back seamed hose, red high heel pumps with her red panty covered pussy exposed to a complete stranger, Marcos.

As Marcos gazed down at the beautiful woman before him, he could not believe Todd's good fortune. Todd had brought other women in to his parlor, but never one so beautiful and mature. So he asked, "Todd, how is it possible that you have been able to gain control over such a lovely and sexy woman?"

Todd replied, "Well Marcos, slut here was surfing the internet and responded to a message from me. As it turned out, she is my English teacher and I could not pass on controlling such a beautiful woman."

Marcos almost shocked, "You mean this is a high school teacher and she is your slut?" 

Todd continuing, "Well, she did send me an incriminating picture that fully showed her fucking herself with a black dildo and the picture showed her face completely. What else was I to do, but take control of her and force her to serve me."

Summer was laying on the table and both of the men in the room were talking as if she was not even in the room and ignoring her. She listened as Todd continued to tell Marcos about the events that occurred since she sent him that picture on Thursday evening. Even that time line was difficult for her to understand as it was now only 12:30 PM on the Saturday following that fateful Thursday email.

When Todd finished with the last part of the story, the ride to Paradise, Marcos turned and began to intently stair at Summer. He began to think of all the fun he was about to have with Summer. He knew that Todd wanted some piercings, but he figured that he would be able to have some fun while fulfilling his demands.

Marcos started, "So Todd, what do you want me to do?"?

Todd followed, "Marcos, I want it to be evident that my slut here is making a transition from a school teacher to my full slut. To that end, she must display piercings that not only are beautiful, but indicate a sense of servitude."

Marcos then asked, "Todd do you have any specific items that you want to display what you are seeking?"

Todd continued, "Marcos, I was thinking that gold bars in each nipple would be a good start. Then for her ears, I would want two piercings in each and for her cunt lips, I want loops on each lip. Make sure that none of the piercings can be removed for any reason."

Summer was stunned as she lay there listening to the two men talk. How in the world would she ever be able to explain to her husband James such an extensive array of piercings on her body. She had never ever really allowed such a conversation go any further than a belly button piercing, now Todd was marking her body with nine different piercings and in places where she would have never imagined.

Todd then asked, "Marcos how long will it take for you to properly pierce my slut?"

Marcos answering, "I should think that one hour will be sufficient. I do not want to rush her and I want to complete my task with as little pain as is possible. I think that she would feel much better to know that I proceed slowly and allow pain killers to do their jobs. Will that work for you?"

Todd pondered for a moment and then said, "Marcos, I have several errands to run and I do not think that I will be back for about one hour and thirty minutes. Make my slut comfortable, but leave no doubt that she is a slut."

With that, Todd leaned over Summer and said to her, "Slut, while I am gone, you will do every thing that Marcos tells you to do. If I find out that you acted otherwise, I will punish you in ways that you have never thought possible. Do you understand?"

With tears welling up in her eyes Summer asked, "Master T, why are you doing this to me? Why so many piercings? Can't we do one or two instead?"

Todd leaned over Summer and looking directly into her eyes said, "Slut, you decided a couple of days ago that you wanted sex. You let yourself be fooled into thinking that all you were doing was having playful fun on the internet. But we both know better, you are a slut and this is what you desire."

With that, Todd left the room while Summer was still spread before Marcos on the examination table. As Marcos turned, from her position, Summer could see the front of his jeans and it left no doubt that he was turned on by her predicament.



"Summer, I want you to relax and trust that I am going to take very good care of you," Marcos said to try and soothe her nerves.

Summer shot back, "Marcos, I am not going to allow you to do anything to me. Now that Todd is gone, please just let me go."

Marcos enjoying the situation began to slowly rub Summer's legs, which were still supported by her ankles being propped up in the stirrups. As he stroked the front of Summer's shins, feeling the sexy silk nylons of her back seamed hose; Marcos gazed down between her legs and noticed the teacher's pubic hairs sneaking out of the edges of her red thong. Marcos thought to himself that the first thing he was going to do to this slut is to get that hairy mess removed.

As Summer struggled under Marcos' touch and gaze, the door to the room opened and Sarah walked in. Summer noticed that she was carrying a tray with the contents obscured by a linen towel.

As Sarah set the tray on the counter next to the examination table, Marcos asked, "How much time do we have before the next appointment?"

Sarah quickly replied, "Your 1:30 PM cancelled so your next one is not until 3:00 PM today."

"Excellent," was Marcos' quick reply.

Marcos instructed Sarah to unbutton Summer's sweater and help her to take it off. Immediately, Summer began thrashing about on the table trying to elude Sarah's hands. As a result of the car ride to Paradise, there were only four buttons remaining on Summer's sweater and Sarah was finally able to complete the task. 

Marcos then said, "Summer lift up your shoulders so that Sarah can remove your sweater. You do not want to get anything on it like the antiseptic we will be using."

"Marcos, PLEASE stop doing this now," shouted Summer.

Marcos leaned down and looked directly into her eyes said, "Summer, you are giving me no choice, but to restrain you from this point forward. I had hoped that you would be cooperative, but, as your Master T advised me, you have not fully comprehended your situation."

With that, Marcos and Sarah each took binding material and tied Summer's ankles to the stirrups. When they had completed this task, they assisted each other in removing the sweater from Summer's body. Next, they unbuttoned the remaining buttons on her skirt and while Marcos raised Summer's hips, Sarah was able to drag the blue jean mini skirt away. Sarah took great care in taking Summer's sweater and skirt, neatly folded them and then locked them in the cabinet adjacent to the door.

Now, Summer was lying before them with her red shelf bra, red thong panties, black garter belt, black back seamed hose and her red pump heels. Sarah punched a hidden lever and arms were extended from each side of the examination table. Quickly, without Summer even comprehending what was happening, Marcos and Sarah were able to slide restraints onto her wrists binding them to the table's arms.

Marcos said to Sarah, "Lets leave the red bra on as it will help hold her breasts as we work on them. But, we will need to remove her panties so that we can shave all of that awful pubic hair."

Summer could not believe what she was hearing and began screaming, "Master T said nothing about shaving my private parts. I am not going to stand for you to do that to me. I am going to kill you for doing that to me."

Marcos calmly said back to Summer, "Slut, you have no choice. If you are cooperative, I will let Sarah use appropriate shaving creams, moisturizers and the finest of razors. If you do not, we will just dry shave you. It is up to you. What will it be slut?"

Once again, with tears welling up into her eyes, Summer began to cry. She could not believe how one little innocent picture taken by her husband from a private moment could be used against her in this way. How could she have gotten herself into this situation?

"Marcos, I promise to be cooperative. Please do not hurt me," cried Summer.

"That's it slut. Just lay back and relax as we will take very good care of you," Marcos almost sympathetically said to Summer.

Summer felt Sarah's hands grasp the tiny strip of material of her thong and started rolling it down her now spread legs. Marcos untied Summer's left ankle so that Sarah could slide the panty off of it and then retied the ankle once again securing it to the stirrup. Marcos, Sarah and Summer each repeated the same procedure on the right leg to allow the removal of the thong.

As Marcos was completing the retying of Summer's bindings on her right ankle he heard Sarah exclaim, "Marcos, this slut is turned on. The crotch of her thong is soaking wet!"

Marcos looking quizzically at Sarah said, "Come again?" 

"Marcos, this slut is enjoying this," replied Sarah.

With that, Summer felt the tips of Sarah's finger rubbing the full length of her vaginal slit and to her utter embarrassment and shock; she could feel her wetness via the touch applied by Sarah. Summer saw Sarah hold up the fingers of her right hand to show Marcos that she was indeed wet and she could see her fingers glistening with moisture, but it could not have come from her she thought.

Marcos came close and knelt down between Summer's outstretched and bound legs to get a better look. As he came closer, Marcos was able to detect the slightest whiff of a very erotic aroma and could not resist sampling Summer. As Marcos knelt lower, his nose and lips came down onto Summer's cunt as he began to lick the full length of her cunt lips. He buried his nose against Summer's clit and then inserted his tongue as far as he could to take a quick taste of her deepest fluid.

As Marcos removed his mouth from her cunt, Summer moaned in disappointment as the feeling of his tongue had had a calming effect on her. She tried to raise her hips to seek continued touch from Marcos, but he was now standing between her legs with quite an evil grin on his face.

"Sarah, I have had enough of this playing around. This slut is ready to become a jewelry display piece for me and a pierced slut for Todd," announced.

"Sarah, you may now shave the cunt's pubic hair and make sure that all the hair is removed from her ass crack too," Marcos said quite firmly.

As Summer watched from her inclined position, she saw Sarah run hot water into a silver bowl. As the water was running, she watched as Sarah dropped several different lotions into the water. It appeared that true to his word, Marcos would be letting Sarah use moisturizers and lotions to help keep her safe.

As Sarah placed the bowl on the tray adjacent to the exam table, Summer felt her hands gently rubbing the mound of hair of her cunt. Sarah reached into the bowl and drew out a wash rag, squeezed out some of the excess water and then she began giving Summer's cunt and pubic mound a sponge type bath. Sarah was very clinical in her approach and Summer watched as Sarah checked to make sure that there was no residual soap left on her skin.

Then Summer watched as Sarah opened a blue bottle and began to pour some of its contents into her hand. Sarah rubbed her hands together to spread the liquid evenly and then she began to rub the lotion onto Summer's body, beginning at the top of Summer's pubic region and running along her exposed cunt lips. At first the lotion was very soothing to Summer, but then a slow burning sensation began in the areas that Sarah had applied the blue lotion.

"What are you doing to me you bitch," Summer screamed at Sarah.

Sarah quickly replied, "Don't worry slut, this is a specially formulated hair remover that we use on thick and coarse hair. Because you have never removed your cunt hair before, it is a new sensation for you. If you relax, the heating sensation will eventually make your even hornier than you already are."

Sarah left the room with Summer lying on the table. Summer tried to relax and allow the feeling to go away. But Sarah was right, the longer the lotion touched her skin the more erotic the feeling became. The lotion, though not placed near her clit, was making her clit harden. Summer could feel little stinging fingers that were making her cunt lips twitch causing the opening to her cunt to open and close slightly.

After about ten minutes, Sarah returned carrying a razor set, two different lotions and ordinary shaving cream. As she placed the items on the tray next to Summer, she leaned in to tell her, "Slut, I am now going to put a warm wash cloth on your pubic mound as well as your cunt lips. The lotion that I applied should have removed the bulk of your coarse pubic hair, but I will still need to shave you." 

As Summer lay before the stunning redhead, she watched Sarah stare intently at her pubic mound now almost devoid of hair. Summer thought about all the times that James had asked her to let him shave her pussy and how many times she had told him that only sluts and whores would ever shave a personal area like that.

Summer felt the coolness of the shaving cream as Sarah carefully spread the cream around her mound, lips and down into the crack of her ass. It was apparent to Summer that Sarah had done this before as she felt Sarah's fingers spreading her cunt lips in order to apply the cream to any remaining hairs without getting inside her cunt itself.

Once she was satisfied that she had properly covered Summer's remaining hair, Sarah took the straight edge razor and beginning at the top of Summer's pubic mound, made slow and careful strokes across the sensitive areas. It took Sarah only five minutes to be satisfied that all of the hair around Summer's cunt was now fully removed. Now it was on to the ass crack area where little or no hair remained, but Todd had been specific that no hair shall remain.

"Summer, you will need to rise up so that I can shave your anus at this time," Sarah said in a hushed tone.

Summer complying with the instructions, used the stirrups supporting her ankles as leverage and was able to bring her ass off of the examination table. When she had risen sufficiently, Summer heard Sarah say, "That is it. Hold it right there and be very still as this razor is quite sharp."

It only took Sarah a couple of minutes to satisfy herself that she had cleaned all of the pubic hair from poor Summer's body. She ran a warm wash cloth over the entire area to make sure that no residual shaving cream remained. Once she completed cleaning Summer, Sarah began applying moisturizing lotion to the baby butt smooth region that Summer once thought would never be void of hair.

The lotions were meant to not only repair the skin and replace the moisture, but were specially formulated by Marcos to cause heat sensations to permeate through-out a woman's pussy and onto her pussy lips. It only took a light touch with the lotion on one's finger to initiate the stimulation of the whole genital region. Sarah had thought many times to herself that Marcos should package and sell the item on those late night infomercials.

Once Sarah was satisfied that the lotion was applied just right to Summer's pussy lips and ass hole, she removed her hands. She washed her hands in the lavatory because she did not want to risk touching herself, which would make her rub her clit all day. She felt sorry for Summer in a small way because she knew that the piercings combined with the lotion will make her feel things that Summer would have never imagined.

Sarah went over to the door that led back out into the corridor and pressed the intercom button. 

"Yes Sarah, what is it," was the reply from Marcos.

Sarah says, "Marcos, Summer is now ready."

"Sarah, have you applied my special lotion also," was Marcos' reply.

Sarah in a frustrated way replied, "Yes Marcos, I have applied your lotions, made sure that the shaving cream has all been removed and I have made sure to clean the area completely with a warm wash cloth as is required." Summer was lying there on the table listening to the two of them talk over the intercom like she was not even there. She wondered exactly what was in store for her now. Here she was strapped to an examination table, legs fully spread and her once hairy pussy now clean shaven by the red head. As she lay there, Summer felt a strange sensation starting to emanate from her cunt. It felt hot on her pussy lips and around her ass hole. She started to squeeze her lips and cheeks together to sort of try and scratch the feeling away. The more she struggled, the more the sensation grew.

Under Sarah's ever watchful eye, she saw that the lotion was taking effect on Summer. She knew that it would only be a few minutes before Marcos came into the room with the remote control egg. At that point, poor Summer would lose complete control of her inhibitions and fall completely under Marcos' control.

Just then the door to room number seven opened and sure enough Marcos was carrying the black remote controlled egg. Sarah noted that its size was only two inches in diameter, but it was the strength and variations that made the device so devilish. Sarah remembered her encounter with the device when she had her clit pierced and how many orgasms she had during the entire process, obviously drawn out by Marcos at the time. That is how she came to work for Marcos, the free piercings, the lotions and sometimes the application of the egg.

Marcos placed the black egg on the tray adjacent to the table to which Summer was still bound. He looked closely at the pubic mound that was once covered by thick coarse hair, but now was smooth and devoid of any hair. "Excellent job Sarah," Marcos said upon completing his inspection.

"Sarah lets begin our piercings on Summer's nipples. Please get the tray off of the middle shelf in the cabinet," Marcos said.

As Sarah bent over to look into the cabinet, Summer for the first time was able to see something other than her upper body and face. Sarah had on a very short, but fluffy mini skirt and when she bent over it was easy for Summer to see between Sarah's legs. Summer was stunned when she saw that Sarah had no panties on and that there were at least three gold rings piercing her pussy lips.

As Sarah straightened up, Summer could see that her skirt continued to rest on her hips and as she turned back towards the table, Sarah's pussy, fully shaven, was in plain view. Summer could see that not only did Sarah have three gold rings in her pussy lips, but her clit was pierced with what looked like a platinum rod with a round knob on each end. Summer thought to herself, "How does she take that out?"

Marcos noticed Summer staring at Sarah's pussy piercings, "Summer, do not worry as we will not be piercing your clit. Your Master T thinks that we should give you some time to get used to your new jewelry. He has told me to reduce the number of piercings today."

Continuing, Marcos tells Summer, "We will be piercing each nipple, each pussy lip and one new piercing for your left ear."

With that, Marcos took out the antiseptic wash that he routinely used for exterior piercings. He paid particular attention to both of Summer's nipples after he had deftly swabbed the upper portion of her left ear. Marcos knew that the cool air hitting Summer's exposed nipples, still supported by the red shelf bra would make them begin to harden. Marcos also knew, based on how she was breathing, that his special lotion was having the anticipated impact on Summer. 

As Marcos continued to sterilize Summer's nipples, he nodded to Sarah who then wiped each nipple with gauze. When this was completed, Marcos sprayed a light mist of a deadening Novocain to ease the pain for Summer during the initial piercing. Next, with a perfectly sterile needle, Marcos injected a small amount of the painkiller into each of Summer's fully hardened nipples.

Marcos said to Summer as he felt her begin to tense, "Summer, these small injections will only deaden your nipples for the procedure. You will have some pain in each nipple after we have pierced them, but it will not last longer than a day."

With that, Marcos attached hemostats to each of Summer's nipples knowing that she would not feel the clamps. But, he knew that the pressure of the clamps would force each nipple to completely harden. As he waited, he picked up the two jewelry pieces that would adorn this sexy English teacher. 

Marcos had selected a gold bar stud for each of Summer's nipples, which looked like a miniature dumb bell. Once he inserted the open end into her nipple, he would permanently affix the fastening ball to the stud through an application of special glue. Once hardened, the glue would never allow the nipple stud to be removed without cutting off one end, which in itself would be very painful given the size of Summer's nipples and the length of the stud.

Marcos removed the hemostat from Summer's left nipple and immediately forced the piercing needle directly through the middle, which would allow for the gold stud to force the nipple to stay erect all of the time. There was only a little blood, which was easily wiped away. Marcos then inserted the open end of the gold stud, applied the glue and then twisted the gold ball onto the stud. Marcos held the ends of the stud between his fingers for the required 30 seconds. He sprayed Summer's left nipple with antiseptic and Novocain once more so that any pain related to the initial piercing would be reduced.

Marcos then went to Summer's right nipple and repeated the process exactly as he had on her left. He took his time making sure that the studs were in the exact position in each nipple so that when displayed under sheer blouses, the nipples would be extended to the same height.

Once he had finished, Marcos held up a mirror so that Summer could see his handy work. Summer was shocked at how large the piercings were. She had thought that the piercings would be almost too small to see. But, the studs made her nipples stand very erect. Summer felt Marcos twist the knob end of both studs making sure that they did not impinge Summer's nipples in any way. He knew that the skin of the nipple would heal quite rapidly closing over the incisions made by the piercing needle.

As the Novocain began to wear off, Summer could feel a slight discomfort in each nipple, but she had not felt the overwhelming pain that she had been anticipating ever since she heard Master T describe the piercings that he wanted. As she looked at her nipples, tears began to once again form in her eyes as she thought about the first reaction that she would receive from James. But, she could not worry about that now as James would not be home for four weeks and she was still bound to an examination table where she was about to have the lips of her pussy pierced by this total stranger.

Before he started on Summer's pussy lips, Marcos decided to go ahead and do the ear piercing that Todd wanted applied to Summer's left ear. Todd had selected a rather gaudy loop ear pierce that came with an attached row of three red beads. Todd explained that this signified to him that Summer was his slut and that every time she looked into the mirror, she would see the gaudy loop earring and think of his control over her.

But first, it was time for the insertion of the black bullet. Marcos had wanted Summer's pussy to be fully engorged with blood so that her pussy lips were fully extended. He had purposefully delayed inserting the vibrating egg until he had finished Summer's nipples and he wanted the lotion to continue to work its magic on her pussy, clit and asshole.

Before he moved between Summer's already spread legs, Marcos picked up the remote control transmitter to make sure that there was a proper feed to the egg. He pressed the on switch and the egg jumped to life with a slow buzz. He went through each of the ten cycles to make sure that the egg was functioning properly and to make sure that the batteries were properly charged. Marcos then knelt between Summer's legs and put the tip of the egg to the lips of her already wet slit. Marcos noticed that the lotion had worked its magic and Summer was probably not fully aware the effect it was having on her pussy.



Marcos then heard Summer say, "Stop. What are you doing?"

Marcos replied back almost clinically, "Summer, I am inserting a vaginal stimulation egg. The purpose of the egg is to force the lips of your pussy to become overly stimulated so that they swell. This swelling will make it much easier for me to do the piercings that I described to you a few minutes ago."

As Marcos slowly, but firmly applied pressure to the end of the egg that contained the reception tail, which also could be utilized in withdrawing the egg, he was pleased to discover that Summer's pussy was more than wet, it was sopping wet. Marcos was able to fully insert the egg without any resistance from Summer's pussy lips because the lotion had done its work.

Marcos used his middle and index fingers to fully insert the egg into Summer's pussy. As he withdrew his fingers, he raised his hand to his nose and he could smell the sweet fragrance of Summer's pussy. He slowly inserted the fingers into his mouth and was quite pleased at the taste as well as the amount of Summer's pussy juice on his fingers.

Without hesitation, Marcos pressed start on the remote control and immediately he saw Summer's reaction to the initial stages of the buzz created by the two inch diameter black egg. He had enjoyed doing the same thing to many unsuspecting ladies who did not fully understand the pussy lip piercing process. The egg offered no additional benefit to the procedure, but it did give Marcos quite a bit of satisfaction in turning on a woman without her fully comprehending his methods. He knew that once he had finished with Summer's ear, he would be able to remove the egg and replace it with his cock.

He gave the remote control to Sarah who was standing to Marcos's left and he told her, "Sarah, make sure that you work your way up slowly on the controls. I want those lips fully swollen, but I do not need her trying to jump off of the table in orgasm."

Marcos went to the head of the examination table, pressed a lever and Summer's head was lowered to a flat reclined position. Marcos stationed a rolling stool next to Summer's head that gave him access to both her ear and the tray containing his piercing tools.

As he sat there looking down Summer's body, he was able to examine his handiwork on her nipples. He was pleased that both nipples were fully erect and the gold studs appeared to be in exactly the same position relative to the length of each of Summer's nipples, which he estimated to be just a bit larger than silver dollars.

Marcos applied the antiseptic spray to the upper portion of Summer's left ear. He wondered to himself why the left ear. But, he had learned from experience with Todd and his young slave girls, not to question his motives or reasons. This was the first time that Todd had branched out beyond girls his own age. He was amazed at the ease with which he had been able to take control of such a sexy woman. He was beginning to think that even though Todd had forced her submission initially, Summer was in fact a submissive slut.

Marcos quickly pierced Summer's upper ear and inserted the gold loop earring with the three red beads. He made sure that there was no blood as that region of the ear was basically cartilage covered by skin. He dabbed some additional antiseptic lotion to both sides, ensured that the permanent closing clamp was sealed and then flipped the loop up and down a couple of times to ensure that the pierced hole was not too small for the thicker type of loop. Marcos had used this gauge loop only a couple of times in the past, but only in a man's scrotum.

Satisfied that the ear piercing had been done expertly, Marcos went back to admiring his work on Summer's nipples. He was amazed at how erect the nipples remained after ten minutes. He had been able to insert the gold posts exactly in the center of Summer's auroras and the piercing had had the desired effect that Todd had demanded, permanent erections of both of his slut's nipples. Marcos could envision Todd requiring his slut to wear sheer tops with either sheer bras or no bra at all. Marcos wondered if Todd intended on making Summer show off her new jewelry pieces to unsuspecting students at school.

Marcos' gaze then went down to Summer's well shaved pubic mound and the attention that her cunt was receiving from the black vibrating egg. He had purposefully avoided thinking about the effect that the egg would be having on Summer as he wanted to give Sarah time to work through each of the ten settings. As Marcos looked down at Summer's cunt, he could see little tell tale movements of her hips as the egg's more intense settings were having the desired effect on her.

Marcos asked Sarah, "What setting are you on?"

Sarah's reply surprised Marcos, "I am only on number five. I wanted to go slowly while you were piercing her ear. Also, I thought you might like to help with the stimulation by applying some pressure to her nipples."

Marcos looking at Sarah says, "I am not sure her nipples can handle any twisting at this point. I want the studs to still be a little loose in the piercings. I am sure that her Master T will want to turn them as she is sitting on his cock at some point. However, I think that I can stimulate those nipples without really twisting them.

Summer, listening to the conversation taking place said, "Marcos, please don't do anything to my nipples. I am not sure I can stand to have them touched."

"Ah, Summer, do not worry your pretty little head. I am not going to manually do anything to your nipples. However, I do have an electronic stimulus instrument that I think you are going to enjoy," replied Marcos.

Summer, again tearing up, says, "Marcos, why are wanting to stimulate my nipples? I am already going crazy with that black egg inside me. Isn't that enough to make my cunt lips enlarge themselves for you to be able to complete your degradation of me?"

Marcos says to Sarah, "Sarah, are her cunt lips swollen yet?"

"No, Marcos, they have a little ways to go before you will be able to be completely comfortable that they are large enough for you to safely finish your job," replied Sarah.

Marcos looking at Summer says, "You do want me to be careful don't you Summer? You do not want me to cause any permanent damage to that fine cunt of yours do you?"

Summer, with tears continuing to well up in her eyes became more agitated and started trying to pry her hands from her bindings. She raised her upper torso up as far as possible and began to pull against the bindings that secured her wrists to the panels from the table. Her movements caused red lines to form around her slender wrists and the straps holding her ankles in the stirrups began to do the same thing.

"Summer, please relax. We do not want you to injure yourself. I promise that we are almost ready to pierce those lovely cunt lips, but they have to be fully enlarged before I will attempt to pierce them," Marcos said in a calming manner.

Sarah, seeing Summer relax just a little, turned the switch on the remote from five to eight, which skipped the settings that gave a rollercoaster effect to the inner cavities of a body. Summer almost leaped off of the table as the vibrations from the black egg sent sensations deeper into her body than she had ever felt before. Summer slammed her hips back down against the cool vinyl of the examination table. She pressed head back against the table as well.

At that time, Marcos was able to apply the small round electrode to the very tip of both of Summer's nipples. He turned the lever to start and the battery powered nipple stimulated sprang into action. The stimulator had only three settings: On, Off and High. There was no warm up for Summer to get adjusted to the electronic shock caused by the two "C" batteries.

With the Novocain wearing off on her nipples, the electronic shocks from the stimulator caused Summer to suddenly fell pain in her nipples for the very first time in her life. The electronic shock seemed to tear at the very top of her nipple, but also ran through the two stud posts. Her nipples suddenly became harder than they had ever been before.

The painful sensation in her nipples ran directly down to her clit and that stimulation only intensified the stimulation that her cunt was receiving from the black egg as Sarah had increased the level to nine, with only one more level remaining. Sarah knew that the minute that she switched the lever to ten, Summer would have an orgasm that would make her pass out. The whole idea was to prolong the orgasm so that when she did indeed cum, she would be unconscious long enough for Marcos to work his magic on both cunt lips.

With a knowing nod from Marcos, Sarah prepared to turn the lever, but first she wanted to see how wet Summer was. She positioned herself between both of her outstretched legs, supported the by stirrups, but still bound at the ankles. Sarah leaned down, which placed her eyes level with the opening to Summer's cunt. Sarah could plainly see juices slowly flowing out of Summer's cunt. Sarah reached towards the opening, she tugged lightly on the receiver cord that extended from the black egg out of Summer's cunt and then Sarah let her fingers circle the opening to her cunt. 

Sarah slowly circled upwards on the lips until her index and middle finger found Summer's now fully erect clit. With a practiced circling massage, Sarah began the final step towards forcing Summer to encounter what Sarah hoped to be the most fantastic orgasm she had had up until that moment.

Summer was overcome with intense pain in her nipples. It was not the kind of pain that she had seen on TV in one of those adult movies that James liked to watch about war and torture. She had watched, mostly with her hands over her eyes, as the militants tortured captured service women. But, her pain was real and when combined with the egg's vibrations and now Sarah's finger massage on her clit, Summer's whole world was beginning to spin. 

Summer was writhing now against the table, the assault of Sarah's fingers, the electronic stimulation on her nipples and she could feel the black egg vibrating deep inside her. The egg was touching areas inside her cunt that she had never been able to touch. The black dildo that started this whole situation had never gotten so deep.

Sarah looked up into Marcos' eyes. He was mesmerized by what he was seeing before him. Sarah's gaze ran down Marcos' lithe body to his groin area. It was quite obvious to Sarah, that everything she was doing was pleasing to him. Sarah had had the privilege of being bedded by Marcos on several occasions. She remembered the different curvature of his cock and how instead of bending left or right, his had a slight upward curve. This feature allowed him to insert the cock head fully into her "G" spot. Sarah wondered how that was going to feel to Summer. 

At that time, Marcos gave Sarah the knowing nod for her to go to level ten. Sarah, using the thumb of her left hand, slowly pushed the button that would kick the black egg into a gear that confounded her every time she had experienced it. It was impossible to believe that such a tiny device, though it was two inches in diameter, could inflict tremendous stimulation to the inner parts of a person's cavity. 

As the black egg sprang into level ten, Summer's shoulders and rear of her head pressed down into the examination table. Summer's hips kicked straight up as hard and as far as the bindings on her wrists and ankles would allow. Summer's eyes rolled back into her eye sockets and she suddenly screamed in orgasm.

Summer's orgasm lasted almost a full sixty seconds. When her body finally stopped writhing against the table and bindings, everything went completely black.

Summer was awakened by the soft sounds of Sarah's voice, "Summer, wake up. It is all over. Your piercings are in, they look beautiful and I think that you will truly enjoy the freedom that they will bring to you."

As Summer slowly came out of her orgasmic coma, she felt a strange bloated feeling in her belly. Her hands were no longer bound to the table, but her legs remained in the stirrups. She pressed her hands onto her upper abdomen and looked at Sarah quizzically.

"Summer, we have given you an enema. We thought that you might need a good cleaning out and it was the right opportunity to administer the warm liquid into your colon as you lay unconscious on the table," replied Sarah.

Summer looked up into Sarah's eyes and asked, "Why would you do that?"

"Well, that was one of Todd's instructions to us today," was the matter of fact reply by Sarah.

"I do not feel so good," replied Summer.

"Here let me help you get up. I will show you to the bathroom," replied Sarah in a very helpful and understanding manner.

As Sarah moved Summer's ankles from each of the stirrups, Summer noticed that she still had on the red shelf bra, the black garter belt, black back seamed hose and her red high heels. As her heels touch the linoleum floor, she started to get up, but Summer's head began to swim a little as she got woozy from being in an inclined position for so long.

"Wait a minute Summer. Let's let your head get used to being upright,' was Sarah's quick response.

Summer felt Sarah's hand on her right elbow and on her back. She could feel Sarah massage her back in a soft and pleasant manner. As she sat, Summer started to wonder how the piercings in her cunt lips looked. She looked down for the first time and saw that her nipples were still standing fully erect held in place by the gold studs with the gold knobs on each end. She was amazed that there was no real pain, only a slight discomfort.

When she thought she was ready, Sarah tugged on Summer's elbow and pushed her into a standing position at the foot of the table. Summer steadied herself with her left hand on the table. She paused for only a moment and then said to Sarah, "I have got to go. Where is the bathroom?"

Sarah replied, "Right this way. I will get you there."

Sarah reached for the door and unlocked the dead bolt. Once out into the corridor, Sarah guided Summer to her left towards the restrooms that were clearly marked. As they reached the woman's bathroom door, it suddenly opened and a woman, about the age of Sarah walked out. The woman looked at Summer and said, "Isn't Marcos wonderful?"

Summer could see several piercings on the young woman, but only on the face. Summer wondered to herself where else she might be pierced.

Summer just made it into the first stall when her bowels erupted. She was overtaken by the amount of liquid being evacuated from her intestines. She felt such a relief when the pressure had ceased. Summer lingered on the commode for a few minutes until there was a knock on the door to the stall.

"Are you ok Summer?" was the question poised by Sarah.

As Summer flushed the commode and exited the stall, she came face to face with Sarah for really the first time. Sarah was almost the same height as she was, but her breasts were a cup size smaller. Summer could smell Sarah's sweet perfume and hoped that her bodily odors, caused by the enema were not disgusting to Sarah.

"Here Summer, let me help you clean up," was the first thing that Sarah said.

Summer felt Sarah's rather firm hands as she began to rub a very warm wash clothe over her pussy mound. As she worked her way around Summer's body, Summer could still feel the heated sensations from the lotions that Sarah had rubbed onto her skin. As the warm wash clothe reached her ass cheeks, Summer felt Sarah's hand pushing her downward towards the lavatory counter top.

As Summer's hands rested flatly on the counter top, she felt Sarah's hands spreading her cheeks and then she felt warm soothing water being dribbled down and onto her anus. Summer felt like Sarah was lingering a bit too long on her anus and started to rise back up, until she felt Sarah's pressure in the middle of her back forcing her flat onto the counter top.

"Summer, I want you to spread your legs for me, really wide. I need to put some lubricant moisturizer onto your anus," said Sarah.

Summer looked over her left shoulder and asked, "Why do I need lubricant and moisturize on my anus Sarah?"

Sarah replied quickly, "Summer, if I were you and I had been instructed to do everything you are told do, I would not ask any questions. Now lean over the counter and let me do my job."

As Summer thought for a moment, she felt Sarah's hands on the middle of her back. Summer could feel the pressure forcing her downwards onto the counter top. The Formica top was cool to her breasts and Summer could feel the new stud piercings against the counter top. 

As Summer was now face down on the counter top, Sarah spread her ass checks and quickly spread Marcos' specially formulated lubricant. Sarah knew from past experience that the lubricant would feel cool at first, but as she massaged it into the opening to Summer's most private passageway she would begin to feel an itching heat that Summer would do anything to itch it.

Summer could feel Sarah's fingers begin to spread the lubricant on her freshly shaven ass. She did not mind the touch so much, but the position she had been directed to take was demeaning to her. Why was she being treated this way by another woman Summer wondered to herself?

Just then, Summer felt a finger from Sarah's hand slip inside her anal passageway. Summer sphincter muscles tried to keep the invading finger out, but the lubricant just made the insertion too easy. Pretty soon, Summer felt a second finger being inserted into her ass and there was almost no resistance from Summer's sphincter muscles.

Sarah began to saw both fingers in and out of Summer's now stretching ass hole. Summer did not realize that the lubricant was about to begin a sensation that would force her to beg for sex with Marcos. As Sarah saw her fingers bury all the way to the last knuckle, she let her fingers rest against Summer's ass cheeks.

Sarah wanted Summer's sphincter muscles to fully relax before she inserted the black egg that had driven Summer to orgasmic bliss. As she waited, Sarah began to spread her two fingers inside Summer's ass so that the sphincter muscles would be properly stretched.

When she was satisfied that the muscles were sufficiently stretched, Sarah leaned in and whispered, "Summer, I need you to relax. I am going to be inserting something into your ass that will make you feel strange. It will not hurt, unless you fight me." 

With that, Sarah withdrew her two fingers noticing that there were no dark anal liquids on her fingers. Sarah knew that the enema had done it's just perfectly.

Sarah took the egg from her pocket and positioned the insertion end up to Summer's anus. With only a slight push the egg was almost fully inserted before she felt any resistance from Summer. Summer tried to pull away, but the counter top resting against her upper thighs prevented Summer from avoiding the inevitable insertion of the egg. 

With her index finger, Sarah was able to push the two inch diameter egg past the last bit of resistance from Summer's sphincter muscles. All that remained was the transmission cord that also served to remove the egg later.

When she had completed the insertion Sarah then said, "Summer, you can now stand up. We need to take a look at the piercings."

As Summer stood up, the pressure from the egg inside her anal passageway caused her stomach to cramp lightly. When she was fully erect, Summer felt Sarah's hands on her hips and her body pressed against hers. Suddenly Summer felt Sarah's hands slowly slide around her hips as they started a downward path.

Sarah's hands passed by the newly shaven pussy mound and went directly to Summer's cunt lips. Summer could feel Sarah slowly draw her lips outwardly and that is when Summer, for the first time, saw the gold rings that now adorned both of her cunt lips.



The rings were about the circumference of a nickel, but they were relatively thin. Summer was shocked to see the rings and was even more shocked by how a clean shaven cunt made the rings stand out even more.

Sarah, while still holding Summer's cunt lips said, "Summer, I want you to replace my hands with yours. I want you to take a moment to look at your piercings while I tell you how to clean and take care of them. You do know that they are permanent, right?"

Sarah could see it her eyes as she looked into the mirror and watched as Summer's hands replaced hers on the lips of the poor English teacher's cunt. Sarah could tell that Summer was stunned by the relative size of the rings as they were larger than the ones that she had in her pussy lips.

After Sarah had explained the care procedures for the rings, she told Summer, "You need to understand that your Master T has marked you with his personal choices for jewelry. He took great care in selecting these pieces for their relative simplicity as well as their permanency."

With that, Sarah grabbed Summer by the arm and dragged her out of the bathroom and took her back down the corridor to room number seven. Summer was in a daze because she had just seen each of the piercings that Todd had ordered for her. As she was walking, she could not help but to think about that first evening when James returned from Asia and wondered how she would be able to describe the piercings and the reason that she had decided to get them.

When Summer entered room seven, she found Marcos sitting at the table. Marcos was holding the remote control device and when Sarah closed the door, he hit the "On" button and the egg jumped to life in Summer's anal passageway. 

"Oh my God, what have you done to me," asked Summer?

Marcos did not immediately reply. He wanted to watch Summer's reactions as he went through each of the first five levels. Marcos knew that at level five the vibrations of the egg when combined with the special lubricant, Summer would do anything he wanted. As the egg began to work its magic again, Summer was forced by the vibrations to lean over the table to steady herself.

As the egg went into its level five vibration mode, Summer's whole body shook as the egg was sending stimulations to her body through her anal passageway. She had never allowed James to insert any part of his body there, but now, a complete stranger, Marcos, had his employee insert the same black egg that had driven her to an orgasm that had earlier caused her to pass out. Her ass felt like it was on fire as the special lubricant began to work its magic on Summer's ass hole. 

Marcos watched as Summer lay on the table and he could see that Summer's legs were slightly spread which gave him a very good view of the transmission string as well as the two ring piercings in her cunt lips. Marcos moved the remote control level to the number six setting and he saw Summer's back arch downward. Marcos knew that it was only a few minutes before Summer would be begging him to turn the vibrating egg off. He also knew that, combined with the special lubricant, Summer would have an itch that would only be satisfied with his cock.

Marcos nodded to Sarah and based on their prior experiences together, she knew that it was time for her to rub some of the lubricant on Summer's unsuspecting clit. As she had seen before, Sarah knew that the moment that she touched Summer's clit, she would immediately begin to orgasm, which would be the first of many. As Sarah's finger covered in lubricant came in contact with the poor teacher's clit, Summer immediately tried to rise from the table, but Marcos' firm hand forced Summer back down onto the table.

As Sarah applied the lubricant, Summer immediately felt heat against her clit. She began to try and squeeze her legs together to attempt at relieving the feeling of her clit being on fire. Sarah's fingers lingered on Summer's clit as she massaged the lubricant all around her clit as well as the lips to her cunt. Before removing her fingers, Sarah slowly inserted her middle and index fingers into Summer's now overflowing cunt. Sarah's fingers were coated with the special lubricant as she pushed them deeper into Summer's cunt. Sarah could feel the walls of Summer's cunt begin to grasp her fingers when she had completely inserted them.

Right then Sarah and Marcos were surprised, 'Oh my god, I am cumming again," screamed Summer.

In conjunction with Sarah's fingers being forced into Todd's slut without regard for her having just cum, Marcos had increased the vibration level on the black egg planted deep inside Summer's ass. He could still see the cord trailing from her ass, but he knew that the egg was probably deeper in her ass than anything had ever been before. As the control hit nine, Marcos could see that Summer was almost ready for his next demand of her.

Summer felt the egg double its intensity and she could feel an orgasm building up inside her anal passageway. Summer could feel intense heat inside her cunt, on her clit and pussy lips. She tried to squeeze Sarah's fingers in order to stop the itching caused by the heat, but to no avail.

Summer then heard Marcos ask, "Summer, are you ready for me to fuck you?"

Looking over her shoulder through glazed over eyes Summer says, "Marcos, please turn off the egg and please make the itching stop on my pussy lips."

"Summer, I can make the itching stop, but you will need to beg me for my cock," replied Marcos.

As the vibrations from the egg continued, Summer was being overwhelmed by the stimulation from Sarah's fingers, which were still fully inserted into her cunt. The heat from the lubricant was having the expected impact on Summer, which made Marcos smile.

"Marcos, please make it stop," begged Summer.

Summer's body began to tremble as the first stages of her second orgasm were taking hold of her. She began to moan quite loudly, which prompted Marcos to shut the egg off using the remote control.

Summer's reaction was both anticipated and expected by Marcos. She looked over her shoulder through her glazed over eyes and begged, "Marcos, please do not shut it off. I am so close to cumming. Please let me cum."

Marcos then asked Summer, "Well slut, what do I get from you if I let you cum?"

Summer quickly replied, "Marcos, please let me cum. I will do anything, PLEASE."

Marcos, smiling to himself, finally got her to say the magic words. He knew that she would eventually, but he had wanted to hear this sexy English teacher beg him.

Marcos said to her, "Summer, I will turn the egg back on for you. But first, I want you to get up on the table, lie on your back and rub your clit so that Sarah and I can watch."

Without hesitation, Summer stepped onto the foot stool at the end of the examination table, turned around to sit on the edge and then she laid back. Summer scooted up further onto the table so that she could rest the heels of her red pumps on the table. As she did this, Summer spread her legs and let her right hand drift down her body, over her newly shaven pubic mound and then on to her clit.

Once Summer's fingers hit her clit, Marcos fired up the vibrating egg starting at level one and working slowly up the levels until he reached level eight. Once Summer had settled into a routine with her fingers on her clit, Marcos slowly edged his way to the table. He had already removed his jeans and black g-string. His cock was fully at attention and aimed straight for Summer's pierced pussy lips.

Marcos suddenly stopped the egg's vibrations and waited for Summer's reaction. Summer was quick to beg, "Marcos, please turn it back on as I am so close to cumming."

Marcos was ready with his demand, "Summer, I am not getting anything from you. What are you going to give me if I turn the egg back on?"

"I will do anything you ask if you will just turn the egg back on Marcos," quickly replied Summer.

"Summer, I am going to fuck you with my cock," responded Marcos.

"Yes yes, please put it in me Marcos," replied Summer.

Marcos savoring the moment asked, "Tell me what you want Summer?"

"I need your cock Marcos," moaned Summer.

As Marcos moved steadily towards the opening to Summer's overflowing pussy, and as his cock head touched her pussy lips, Marcos flipped the switch on the remote that set the egg to level ten. As he inserted the head of his cock, Summer exploded in orgasm coating Marcos' condom covered cock with her juices. Marcos had slide on a condom as he did not want to have the heat producing lubricant spread all over his cock. He knew that as he neared orgasm, he would force his cock down Summer's waiting throat.

As Marcos continued to pound his cock in and out of Summer's cunt, the vibrating egg continued to force her towards another orgasm. Marcos had fucked many women in his life, but never a woman as sexy as this one. He could imagine the things that Todd was going to make this woman do. 

Marcos slowed his assault on the poor teacher's cunt to establish a rhythm more suited to a long fuck session. He knew that Summer was just about ready to cum and he wanted to feel the walls of her pussy grasping at his cock.

"Oh my god, oh my god ...... fuck me," Summer suddenly screamed.

Marcos stepped up his pistoning in and out of Summer's cunt. He began to thrust his curved cock upwards toward Summer's "G" spot hoping to hit it at exactly the same time as she began to cum. On his next thrust, the head of his cock seemed to slip past a new and deeper opening in Summer's cunt. His cock head lodged against the upper womb area of Summer's cunt and hit her magical spot.

Marcos looked down and saw that Summer's eyes were wide open and she was grunting to meet each of his thrusts. Marcos paused with the head of his cock lodged just outside of Summer's "G" spot when he heard her say, "Marcos, please put it back in. I am ready to cum. I need your cock in me. Please let me cum."

With that, Marcos asked Summer, "Slut, do you like my cock?"

"Yes", was all Summer could reply.

Marcos still taunting Summer, "Yes I know you like my cock. But isn't it bigger than your husbands?" 

"Yes Marcos it is bigger. It is touching me in places James's cock never will be able to," was Summer's reply.

"Then beg me to fuck you," demanded Marcos.

Summer replied, "Marcos, please fuck me. Your cock feels so good inside me."

Summer could not believe that those words were coming out of her mouth. She loved her husband James. She had never cheated on him and now she was begging this complete stranger for his cock. She could only think that the egg and the lubrications that Sarah has placed on her were causing her to react this way. 

Marcos leaning down, holding back his cock said to Summer, "Slut, tell me what you want."

Looking up into Marcos' eyes Summer pleaded, "I need your cock and I need to cum. Please put your big cock back inside me...........I need to cum."

As if on cue, Marcos switched the black vibrating egg from nine to ten and then thrust his cock back deep inside Summer. As soon as her body felt the egg jump to the tenth level and Marcos' cock hit her "G" spot again, Summer erupted into orgasm. She began to hump uncontrollably against Marcos. She tried to squeeze the vibrating egg with her anal passageway.

As Summer began to calm down from her orgasm, Marcos began a new assault on the teacher's cunt. Utilizing the unique curvature of his cock, Marcos began to force the head into and out of Summer's "G" spot region. He could feel the upper womb of Summer's body accept and then try to hold on to his cock with each thrust. Each time he penetrated the area, he could feel Summer's body quiver.

As Marcos penetrated her "G" spot again and again, Summer began to fuck him in earnest. Summer raised her legs and wrapped them around Marcos' torso and she reached up and put arms around his neck.

"Marcos, please fuck me harder. I need to feel your cum inside me," begged Summer.

"Ah, Summer you are the best. But I am not going to cum inside you as I cannot risk having that lubricant get onto my cock. If I did I would be beating off all day. No, I will make you cum again and then I will shoot my hot cum all over those sexy lips of yours," replied Marcos.

With that, Marcos became a sybian fucking machine. His cock was slamming into the deepest regions of Summer's pussy and his balls slapped against ass with every thrust. As he neared his orgasm, he reached down with both hands and began to twist each of Summer's pierced nipples. When she did not react immediately, Marcos grabbed each nipple by the gold studs and pulled them as hard as he could. That action got the reaction that he wanted to receive from Summer.

"Oh god you are killing my nipples. That hurts, please stop.........," Summer begged.

But before she could beg again, the force of Marcos' cock, the egg continuing to vibrate in her ass and the heat inducing lubricant caused Summer to once again experience a mind blowing orgasm. Marcos continued to fuck his cock in and out of Summer's now overflowing cunt.

When it was clear that she had come back down from the orgasm, Marcos removed his cock from Summer's cunt. Marcos could see the string from the egg still extending from her anus and he was thankful that Sarah would not have to insert her fingers to pull the string back out. Marcos switched the vibrating egg off as he did not want to cause Summer any pain as the powerful egg could rub the anal canal too raw and that would not please Todd.

Marcos moved to the head of the table and hit the floor pedal that lowered the end of the table. As the table was inclining, Marcos removed the condom from his still fully erect cock. When Summer's mouth was fully aligned with his cock, he moved forward and placed his cock head on her lips. Summer was slow to react, but she remembered what Marcos had said and she opened her mouth to receive his cock. Marcos slowly pushed his cock into Summer's waiting mouth. As it slipped between her lips, he felt the head hit the back of Summer's throat so he paused. He knew that the unique curvature of his cock when combined with Summer's head position, it would be easier for him to slide the full length of his cock down her throat. He just had to be patient.

When Marcos felt Summer's lips relax around his cock, he began to fuck his cock in and out of the teacher's mouth. Slowly, with each thrust, he was able to get more of his cock down Summer's throat.

As had been the strategy, Sarah began to pull on the string that served as a receiver to remove the egg. As she lightly pulled on the egg, Sarah could feel summer's body resist its removal. Slowly Sarah was able to bring the egg to the exit of Summer's anal canal. With one quick and smooth pull, Sarah was able to extract the black egg from Summer's ass. Sarah was very pleased that there was little bodily fluid on the egg and she was satisfied that the enema she had given Summer earlier had worked so well.

Summer moaned when she felt the egg being removed from her ass. She had tried to resist its removal by squeezing her sphincter muscles harder, but she was not successful. Summer was struggling to not gag from the size and force of Marcos' cock as he slowly and methodically eased it further and further down her throat.

Summer then felt fingers on her clit and she reached down to try and push them away, but she was not able to keep them from her clit. Summer's hand touched the hand whose fingers were now rubbing her clit so expertly and she found it to be quite large. Then she realized that Todd had slipped quietly into the room and was now rubbing her pussy.

Summer moaned under the two stimulations and began to writhe in ecstasy on the table. Todd may be young, but Summer knew that he was experienced. His fingers were doing magical things to her clit and the cock in her throat was beginning to harden. Summer felt the head of Todd's cock at the opening to her pussy. She spread her legs wider which allowed Todd's body to easily slip between them and he was able to bury his cock all the way inside Summer. It was the first time that Summer had felt Todd's cock inside her pussy. She had only yesterday sucked his cock while parked in the school lot.

Marcos and Todd worked in concert with each other's thrusts into the English teacher. As Todd thrust his young but hard nine inch cock into Summer's waiting pussy, the resulting thrust forced Summer's mouth deeper onto Marcos' cock.

Because of the angle, Marcos was now able to fully insert his cock down Summer's throat. Summer was amazed that she had been able to take the cock completely into her mouth and throat and not gag. She noticed how the curvature of Marcos' cock fit perfectly down her throat in the position that she was in on the table. She just let Todd's thrust into her pussy force her mouth to fuck Marcos' cock. She got into the rhythm of the two cocks and Summer concentrated on the penetration of Todd's cock as he was getting closer and closer to her "G".

Summer, needing to cum badly again, wrapped her legs around Todd's torso and with her heels pulled him deeper into her pussy. This action allowed Todd's cock to hit the very spot that Summer needed him to hit with his cock and she erupted in orgasm again. Seeing this Marcos's cock begins to fill Summer's mouth and throat with his hot jism. Marcos pulled out of Summer's mouth and he began shooting his cum onto first her lips and then her face. With his last spurt, Marcos shot his cum down Summer's body and it landed on her right nipple. Marcos took his cock and rubbed the remnants from his orgasm across Summer's nose and forehead before he walked away.

Marcos' cock was no longer down her throat which allowed Summer to voice her passion and to beg Todd, "Please Master T, fuck me harder....I need to cum again."

Without saying a word, Todd began a vicious assault on his slut's pussy. He began to slam his cock deeper into her cunt and he could hear his balls smack against her ass. He felt his cock slip into the "G" spot region again and he could feel the slut's cunt grab at his cock head hoping to keep it in place there.

As Todd withdrew his cock all the way out to her cunt lips, he looked down into her eyes and asked, "What do you want slut?"

'Please give me your cock Master T. Fuck me hard," was her immediate reply.

"Tell me what you are," demanded Todd.

Summer quickly replied, "I am your slut Master T."

"What will you do for me slut if I let you cum," asked Todd?

Summer nearing orgasm moaned, "Master T I am your slut and I will do anything you demand of me. Please let me cum."

Todd looking down at Summer demanded "Look me in the eye slut and tell me who owns you and what does that mean?"

Summer looking up into Todd's eyes and needing to cum so badly said, "Master T I am yours. I will do whatever you say whenever you say it. PLEASE PLEASE let me cum."

Todd looked up and was pleased that Sarah had captured Summer's complete submission with the hand held video recorder said to her, "Slut, Cum NOW!"

"Yes Master T," was Summer's immediate reply.

Todd felt the teacher's body slam violently against his cock and she screamed in orgasm. Todd could not hold out any longer and was able to fill his condom with his hot cum at the same time. He had worn a condom because Marcos had advised that the lubrication that he had used on Summer would do the same things to him and Todd did not want to lay around all day today jacking off when he had so many plans for his new slut.

As Todd withdrew his condom covered cock from his teacher's cunt, he felt Summer's pussy muscles grab at his cock. He smiled to himself knowing that he had broken Summer very quickly, but he knew that at some point she was going to try and mitigate her situation with him. That is when he would bring her back to Marcos for the horseshoe style piercing for her clit and the rainbow coalition earring for her right ear. Yes he had lots of plans for his teacher slut and today was only the beginning.


As Todd pulled the condom from his cock, an evil thought crossed his mind. He said to Summer, "Slut open your mouth. I am going to pour my hot jism down that sexy throat of yours."

With that, Todd placed the open end of the condom against Summer's lips. She hesitated and she felt Todd's wrath immediately when he grabbed her left nipple and pulled on the gold stud. Summer felt like he was going to rip her nipple completely off and opened her mouth to scream, which gave Todd the opportunity to pour the contents of the condom into her mouth.

"Swallow my cum, slut," was all he had to say to Summer.

He watched as she struggled with the thought of sucking the jism from the condom, but she was able to fully suck every last drop from the condom.

After Summer had drained the condom, Todd said to Sarah, "Take my slut to the bathroom, get her cleaned up, fix her make-up like the slut she is and then let her put her clothes back on."

With that, Sarah pulled Summer from the exam table, forced her out of room seven and down the hall. When they got to the bathroom, Sarah ran hot water into the sink and then placed a wash cloth in the water.

Looking at Summer, Sarah said, "Slut, you look like you have been put through the ringer. I do not know what Todd has in store for you, but you better get cleaned up fast. There is make-up there in the drawer. Todd likes his sluts to have very dark eye shadow, bright red lipstick and extra linings on their eyelids and eyebrows."

Summer looked her body over and was amazed at the piercings. She could not believe that her nipples still stood erect as a result of the two gold studs. Her earring was the most intriguing because it was a little gaudy for her tastes and the three beads caused the ring to fold forward onto her ear. Anyone that looked at her would see that earring right away. Then she looked down and spread her pussy lips to once again look at the piercings in each of her lips. The rings were in the very middle of each lip and would be very obvious to James when he returned. But, Summer could not worry about that now. She had to make sure that she did not displease Todd today. She knew that any hope of stopping her servitude was fading. Now she just had to try and limit the risk to her exposure.

As Summer re-entered room seven, her transformation from teacher to slut was complete. As instructed, she had paid lots of attention to her eyes and from the reaction of Todd, she felt like she had pleased him. She had pulled her thong back on, but unfortunately the small strip of material went into her pussy and the piercing rings were exposed.

Summer went up to Todd so that he could more closely inspect her. He noticed that the top three buttons on Summer's sweater were undone and only the top three buttons on her skirt remained buttoned. Todd could plainly see the nipple piercings and thought how wonderful the view would be when they went to the other places he had in mind for his slut.

Looking at Summer, Todd said, "Slut, you will need to pay Marcos for your piercings. I did get him to cut you a deal and I am sure that he appreciated your tip while on the table.

Stunned Summer looked at Todd and said, "You are making me pay for these piercings? Why do I have to pay for something that I did not want in the first place?"

"Slut, you do as you are told. The piercings are your reminder that you have no choice," was Todd's angry reply.

As they walked out of the Paradise, Summer noticed that the top to her car was still down. She wondered to herself, "Where is he taking me now?"

