Summer's Blackmail Ch. 06
bywilcox010©
Summer Wayne, a high school English teacher, has submitted to the demands and desires of one of her students. Summer has complied with Master T's demand and submitted to having various areas of her body pierced to reflect his ownership. She is not aware of Master T's plans for the rest of Saturday afternoon, but she will soon find out...

As Summer exited the Paradise Parlor, the bright sunshine of the middle of the day some what startled her. She casually looked down at her watch and she could not believe that it was only 3:00 PM. Summer could not believe that the piercing and fuck session with Marcos. Her body felt used all over, her nipples were sore and the new piercings in her pussy lips were on either side of the thin material of her red thong.

As Todd opened the door for his newly pierced slut, he could not help but gaze wantonly at her. She had accepted the piercings with the proper submissiveness, even though Marcus did use his special lotions and that incredible egg device on Summer. The piercings were in the appropriate places; especially the nipple studs. He was amazed at how the studs were going to make Summer's nipples stand at attention all the time now. He watched as Summer slid into the passenger seat and because the bottom three buttons on the skirt were undone, he had a clear view of the red thong panties and how the lips of her cunt were clearly visible as were her new piercings.

As he closed her door, Todd said to Summer, "Slut, unbutton that sweater and lets get some sun on those breasts. I can see the outline of your bikini tops, but I prefer that there be only a thong tan line on your ass from now on."

All Summer could say was, "Yes Master T."

As Todd pulled the convertible out of the Paradise Salon parking lot, he looked over at Summer to admire Marcos' handiwork. Sure enough, Summer's nipples were standing at complete attention with the gold studs prominently displayed on her 36 C breasts. Todd asked Summer, "So, do the piercings in your nipples hurt?"

Before Summer replied, she wanted to make sure that she did not upset Master T. She thought for a moment and then said, "Master T, the piercings in my cunt lips and ear do not hurt. The piercings in my nipples do hurt some."

"Well, Slut that is to be expected. I will be careful with your nipples the rest of the day," Todd quickly replied.

As Todd steered Summer's convertible down the highway in silence, Summer was perfectly happy to sit and relax. She was hopeful that the rest of Saturday afternoon would not be too painful for her.

Summer was jolted from her personal thoughts by Todd pulling into a strip shopping center. She noticed that there were many clothing stores, lingerie stores and as he put the car in neutral, she noticed that there were several shoe stores.

Todd had pulled into a space in front of Dan's Exotic Shoes. As Todd turned the ignition off he turned and said to Summer, "Slut, this is a family friend's shoe store. You do not have proper slut shoes to wear and you will be buying several pairs here today."

All Summer could say was, "Yes Master T."

As she and Todd entered the store, she was fascinated by the many rows of shoes and the many different styles. Summer even saw shoes that she herself would buy to accentuate her professional wardrobe.

About then a young man walked up and said, "Hello Todd. It has been a long time. Is this the slut you were telling me about?"

Todd quickly replied, "Dan, this is Summer, my slut."

"Slut, please tell Dan hello as he is the son of the owner and a recent graduate of college," said Todd.

Without direction, Summer walked up to Dan, put her arms around his neck and kissed him as passionately as she had done to Marcus hoping that this would please Todd.

As Summer broke the kiss, she heard Dan remark, "Damn Todd, you sure know how to pick them. How in the world did you get this one?"

"It is a rather long story and we are sort of pressed for time as we have more shopping to do. So, could we go to your slut shoe department now," Todd asked?

"Sure Todd, right this way," Dan said as he headed down a long corridor of shoes.

As they reached the end of the row of shoes, Dan turned left and headed toward the back of the store to a dimly lit section. As they neared the section, Summer noticed that the all of the shoes in the section were patent leather and had heels that appeared to be either four or six inches in height.

Once they reached the section, Dan said to Todd, "So what type of shoe do you want to see Summer wear?"

Todd looked at Dan and then told him, "Look at her. She is a perfect slut only she does not have the right type of shoes. I want her to purchase a pair of black shoes and red shoes with six inch heels and they are to have straps around the ankle. Then she is to purchase one pair of black and one pair of white shoes with four inch heels with no straps similar to the red ones she has on now." 

Dan looked at Todd and said, "Wow, that is a very big order! Hopefully, I have that many pairs in her size. Do you know what size?"

Todd said, "I do not know. Why don't you measure her so that you can get the exact size?"

Summer was directed to sit on the only chair in the area. Dan slid the shoe store stool in front of Summer and proceeded to take off both of her red four inch heels. As he was doing this, Dan could not help but notice the red panties that Summer had on under her blue jean skirt. Seeing was made easier because she had the bottom three buttons undone as Todd had required.

Dan placed the standard foot measuring instrument on the floor, picked up Summer's right foot and with little effort; he was able to spread her legs so that he could get a straight view of her panties. When Summer did not resist, Dan pulled Summer's foot towards the reclined end of the shoe stool, planted it firmly on the incline and then went about touching & feeling her foot. All the while, Dan's eyes never left Summer's panty covered pussy. 

Dan heard a muffled cough from Todd and then placed Summer's right foot onto the sizing device. He made sure to place the heel firmly in the back of the device and then pressed down on her nylon covered toes.

Dan said to Todd, "Her right foot is a perfect size six & a half. But, to be sure the shoes fit properly; I will need to measure her left foot to make sure."

Without any argument from Todd or Summer, Dan went about measuring Summer's left foot in the same manner as he did for the right foot. He also took great joy in making her spread her legs so that he could once again see her red panty covered pussy. 

After measuring her left foot, Dan announced, "Todd, she is a perfect six and a half for both feet. Give me a few minutes and I will bring back as many of the choices you have outlined as is possible."

While they waited, Todd noticed that Summer had attracted some attention from a couple of the male customers in the store. He decided to have a little fun with them at Summer's expense.

Todd said to Summer, "Slut, I want you to go to the men's section and start looking at shoes. Pretend that you are buying some for you husband."

Todd continued, "While doing that, make sure that the men in the section have a perfect view of your ass and the tops of your hose."

Summer looked pleadingly at Todd, but could only say, "Yes Master T".

Summer slipped her four inch red heels back on and walked through the store until she reached the men's shoe section Unfortunately for Summer, this section was near the front of the store and there were more than just a few men casually looking at shoes.

Summer steeled her nerves and began by looking at the more casual shoes located on the display counters near to the four or five chairs used by men to try on shoes. She noticed that there were a couple of men already sitting in chairs and she could feel their eyes on her. She moved around the display counter and bent over a little to afford the men seated behind her a fairly good view of her ass. She could feel the back of her skirt rising up and she knew that they could see the tops of her hose as well as the fasteners to her garter belt. 

Summer moved around the display and then headed down a row of patent leather shoes. She was amazed that all of the shoes were generally of the same color and style, which is much different than a rack of women's shoes. Summer reached up to the top row of shoes and knew that her skirt was now raised above the hose. She was not sure that the men could see until she accidently dropped her selection and as she bent over at the waist to retrieve it, she was able to see several men looking at her without attempting to appear to be accidently looking at her.

As Summer continued to look at shoes, she was startled by one of the men suddenly standing next to her. He asked, "Are you looking for anyone special, or are you just here being a slut and out to tease men?"

Summer, trying to calm her nerves, replied, "No, I am looking for shoes for my husband."

To which the stranger replied, "Your husband lets you go out of the house dressed like a slut?"

Summer looked directly into the man's eyes and said, "I do not appreciate you speaking to me in this manner."

As Summer turned to walk away, she saw Todd standing several feet away just shaking his head. Summer knew that this meant that she could not walk away nor could she be rude to the man.

As Summer turned back to the man, she smiled and said apologetically, "I am sorry, I do not know what came over me. I do like to dress little sexy when I go out shopping, but I am not a tease."

"So, the man replied, What are you doing here?"

As the man said this to Summer, he moved closer to her and placed his hand on her shoulder. As he did this, Summer could feel him begin to squeeze her shoulder and she felt him forcing her to turn her back to him. As she turned, she came face to face with Todd who said, "This is my friend Bill. He knows that you are my slut and he wanted to meet you."

As Todd finished the introduction, she felt Bill's hand sliding down her shoulder, down her arm until it rested on her hip. Summer then felt Bill's hand as it worked its way under her sweater and he began to raise the hand up to the cup of her bra. 

Summer was looking straight into Todd's eyes as she was being felt up by this complete stranger in the very public shoe store. Thankfully, there was no one on the row and she was shielded from view by Bill and Todd's bodies. As Bill's hand began to cup her right breast, she felt Todd's hands go under her skirt and go straight to her pierced pussy lips. Todd deftly slipped a finger inside the thin material of her thong and found her pussy lips already moistened by the brief stimulation from Bill.

Summer tried to resist the feelings coming over her as she tried to refuse to let the manipulations of Bill and Todd on her body, but for whatever reason, she was excited by being touched in this place with the possibility of being observed by anyone who walked by.

Thankfully, the voice of young Dan interrupted Summer's public mauling when he let Todd know that he had been able to find all of the shoes he had requested, but that he wanted to have Summer try each on to ensure that the shoes fit as sometimes different manufacturers' sizing were not the same.

Todd replied, "Dan, do you have a more private area to take Summer to try the shoes on?"

Dan excitedly said, "Yes Todd I do. It is in the back stock room and it is very private."

"Summer, I want you to go with Dan and try on all the shoes. While you are there, you do as Dan says and you are to make sure that you consummate the sale with a kiss," ordered Todd.

Without much hesitation, Summer turned from her public maulers and followed Dan to the shoe area, helped with the four boxes of shoes and followed Dan through the double swinging doors. As she entered the stock room, she was struck by the dinginess of the area, the low lighting, that great smell of new leather and the absolute solitude. Summer continued to follow Dan until he reached a back area of the stock room. The area had a 20 foot length of green carpet, mirrors at each end, one chair and a stool. 

Dan looked at Summer who was standing next to him holding three of the shoe boxes and he thought to himself, "I wonder if I can have a little fun with Todd's slut."

Dan looked at Summer and said, "Place the boxes on the floor there by the stool."

As Summer did as he instructed, he could just see the tops of her hose and almost could see the sexy curvature of her ass. 

Dan then said, "Summer, why don't you sit in the chair and take off both of your shoes. Then we will begin trying on each of your four pairs of new shoes."

As Summer sat down in the chair, she crossed her legs without giving Dan a gratuitous gaze of her panties. She could see the disappointed look on his face and she smiled to herself. 

Once she had both shoes off, Dan said, "Summer, you know that Todd sent you back her with me to allow me to properly fit the shoes to make sure that they do not hurt your feet and to make sure that appropriately show off those beautiful legs of yours."

To which Summer replied, "Yes, Dan I think Master T made that quite clear."

Dan slid the stool right in front of Summer and took out the first pair of shoes, which were the four inch black heeled shoes. As Dan took the shoes in his hands, he thought about forcing Summer to spread her legs for him before he put them on her feet. He decided to take his time because he had three other pairs to have her try on and display for him. And Dan was sure that the hidden cameras camouflaged by each mirror would capture his fun time with this English teacher.

After he had expertly slid the shoes on each of Summer's feet, Dan said to Summer, "Ok, now I want you to walk down and back from each of these two mirrors. When you get to the mirrors, I will need for you to make sure that you pause in front of each mirror so that I can make sure that these shoes highlight your legs."

On nervous legs, Summer stood up and turned to her right and took about eight steps toward the mirror. As she approached the mirror Summer heard Dan call out, "Ok, now stop in front of the mirror and look at yourself."

As Summer stopped and looked at herself, she did not see anything more than a classic black four inch heel that would be worn with any business attire. Then she heard Dan tell her to turn around.

As Summer turned around to face Dan, she heard him cry out, "No, stop with your back to the mirror, bend over and place your hands on your knees."

Summer replied quickly, "I do not see how that will help you determine if the shoes are right for me."

Summer started walking toward the mirror at the other end of the carpet ramp way when she heard Dan yell out, "Slut, you stop where you are, back up to the mirror and do as you were told. If you cannot fulfill my request, then I will go and get Todd. Which will it be?"

Summer slowly turned around to face Dan and said, "Dan, I do not want you to call Master T. I just do not think that it is necessary for me to bend over so that you can check to see if my shoes fit right."

"Look slut, either do what I say or I am sure that your Master T will provide you with the appropriate punishment for not complying with my instructions," said Dan.

Defeated, Summer backed up to the first mirror and bent over, placed her hands on her knees and then closed her eyes, which she hoped would help her endure the coming humiliation of yet another "friend' of Todd's.

"That is better Summer. Now, I want you to pull your skirt up over that sexy ass of yours so that I can see the full length of you legs," said Dan.

Summer took her hands away from her knees, grabbed the hem of her skirt and, as instructed, pulled the skirt up over her ass. In this position, Dan was able to see the round curvature of Summer's ass, the slim piece of material that went between her ass checks and he noticed the almost straight line of her back seamed hose. He made Summer pause a little longer so that he would be sure his hidden camera got all of the details of the sexy English teacher's rear attributes.

When Dan was satisfied, he told Summer to walk to the other mirror holding her skirt in her hands. He told Summer to make sure to sway her hips in a very provocative manner.

As Summer approached the mirror at the opposite end of the green carpet runway, she heard Dan call out, "Take your skirt off there in front of that mirror. You only have to unbutton three more buttons. Do it quickly please."

Summer fumbled with the top two buttons and when they were undone, the skirt, with a little tug fell in a heap around her ankles. She stepped out of the skirt, bent over to pick it up while making sure that her ass was turned towards her newest tormentor. 

As Summer bent over, Dan almost fell off of the stool. He had never seen such an erotic site as the one he was privy to at this very moment. "What a sexy ass she has," Dan thought to himself.

When Summer once again stood up straight, she looked directly into the mirror. She could see that her nipples through her sweater and that they were still standing at attention due in large part to the effects that the gold stud piercings in each. She also knew that this little humiliation exercise she was being put through at the hands of another of Todd's friends was having an effect on her. Right then she heard Dan call out to her to tell her to come back to the chair as she had three more pairs of shoes to try on.

On the last pair, the red pumps with the six inch heels, Summer was having a very difficult time walking. To her utter dismay, Dan had made her walk back and forth stopping in front of each mirror two times. Now she was standing before Dan as he continued to sit on the salesman's stool. He was eye level with the crotch of her red thong.

Dan then said, "Summer, I can see that you have received piercings from Marcos. I believe that they are very sexy and make your pussy lips stand out quite nicely."

With that Dan reached his hands out, pulled the tiny strip of material of her thong aside and he ran his fingers along Summer's pussy lips. As he took his finger away from her cunt, he held it up to his nose smelling the strong aroma of an aroused woman whose pussy had been recently fucked. He swore he felt summer's pussy lips attempt to close around his fingers. To test her, Dan slowly began to insert the middle finger of his right hand as his left hand pulled the material of Summer's red thong further to the side. His finger slid all the way into her pussy without any resistance from her.

Dan then said to Summer, "Slut, I love that you have shaved your pussy. A woman's pussy lips should always be completely visible. Also, with the two ring piercings, you will always want to show them off every time you buy new shoes."

As Dan slid his index finger into Summer's pussy, he could feel her inner walls begin to squeeze and hold on to his two fingers as he slowly worked them into and out of her now sopping wet pussy. Dan looked up to see Summer's head thrown back, her hands cupping her breasts and he noticed that she was pulling on her nipples using the new piercings as tools for pain.

Dan still looking up at Summer instructed her to turn around and place her hands on the back of the chair. Once she had done this, Dan stood behind Summer, pulled her thong down her legs, unzipped his trousers, pulled his already hard eight inch cock from his boxers and aimed it squarely at Summer's cunt. Without so much as a considerate insertion, Dan slammed his cock all the way into Summer's cunt forcing his ball sack to slap against her clit.

As Summer had been teasing him for some time, Dan knew that he would not last long so he wanted to get the most out of the fuck as he could. He grabbed the back of Summer's hair and pulled her head up. He slammed his cock deeper into her cunt and then he pulled the head almost completely out. 


"What are you doing? Please put it back in me," he heard Summer plead.

Dan then replied, "Slut, tell me what you want."

Summer was close to another orgasm and begged, "Dan, please put your cock back inside me and fuck me hard."

With the knowledge that the cameras on each end of the runway were capturing his every thrust and had now captured this beautiful English teacher begging him to fuck her hard, Dan let go of her hair, grabbed Summer's hips and began to slam his cock into her. After ten deep more thrusts, Dan felt Summer erupting in orgasm as his cock found her "G" spot. Once Dan felt her orgasm, it was only seconds until he filled Summer's wet cunt with his hot jism.

As he was cumming, Dan slapped Summer hard on her ass and told her to beg him for his cum.

Summer in the throes of another orgasm squealed, "Please Dan give me your hot cum!"

As Summer began to come down from her orgasmic high, she felt Dan's cock begin to slip out of her wet cunt with a plop. Still bent over the chair, Summer was startled by the flash of a camera. As Summer turned in the direction of the flash, she saw that it was Todd adding to his already extensive collection of intimate and erotic pictures.

Summer heard Todd's new instructions, "Slut, it is time to leave. We have one more stop to make. Get yourself together, clean your cunt and meet me in the car."

Summer watched Todd turn and head out of the back storage room. She looked pleading at Dan who nodded his head towards the employee restroom. Summer quickly pulled her now soaked thong back in place and went into the bathroom. She quickly relieved herself before going to the sink. She pulled her skirt up, her panties down and then she quickly ran warm water onto a paper towel. She placed the warm towel between her pussy lips and tried her best to wipe away all of the cum that had been deposited into her pussy. She repeated the process to make sure that she was completely clean, pulled up her thong and pulled her blue jean skirt back down. Summer quickly refreshed her make-up and quickly headed to the check out register.

Dan had her four pairs of shoes neatly placed in an oversized brown bag with paper handles. As she reached the counter, Dan announced to her that the total cost was $400 which included the discount they had negotiated in the back room. Summer's face reddened as she saw that Bill was now standing at the counter and she could only imagine what he was thinking as she handed Dan four crisp $100 bills. 

Summer took the bag from Dan's hands, turned and headed out the front door of the store. Todd was sitting in the car now with the top up and the air conditioning on as the fall afternoon had become quite hot.

As Summer struggled to get into the car with the packages, she heard Todd say, "Slut, you were very good with Dan. We are almost through for today as I have plans this evening, but we are going to a clothing store not far from here. Once there, you will be fitted with several selections of lingerie as well as skirts and blouses."

The drive to the clothing store was quiet. Summer was comforted by the silence as it meant that she had pleased Todd and that she had avoided punishment. She was concerned about the clothing store. Summer worried that she might run into someone that she knew as she had been lucky up until now.

The drive to the clothing store took about thirty minutes and it was back in the direction towards her home. Summer noticed several familiar strip centers and her pulse began to rise as the risk of discovery was heightened by every intersection Todd drove through. 

Fortunately, Todd turned off of the main thoroughfare and took several back streets until he arrived at Mandee's Clothing. Todd drove the car around to the back entrance of the store which further eased Summer's concerns for discovery. As Summer followed Todd into the store, she became uncomfortable with the styles. Summer looked everywhere and all she could see were micro mini skirts, but nothing that fit her style professionally. 

Summer then heard Todd, "Slut, come over here and meet Abby."

Summer was stunned. It was Abby from the bar. Summer hung her head and froze in her tracks. She could not make herself move. Summer could feel her face begin to flush and her heart was racing in her chest. She began to remember the savage paddling that Abby administered to her ass while she was bent over the bathroom counter at the restaurant and how Lisa had told Abby what to do to her new slut.

"Slut, come to me now," was all Summer heard from Todd.

As soon as she heard the command, Summer forced one foot in front of the other and made her way slowly over to Todd and Abby. When she reached the pair, Summer heard Todd's instructions to Abby, "Please take my slut to the lingerie area and fit her with five different colors and styles of lingerie. Make sure that the bra is either sheer, very lacy or a shelf bra that is similar to the red one she has on now."

Todd then said to Summer, "Slut go with Abby and be fitted for lingerie that will high light those beautifully pierced nipples as well as those cunt lips. Do what ever you are told to do by Abby."

Todd then told Abby, "My slut will do everything you tell her to do. But, I am very pressed for time today, so make the lingerie selections quickly and then move on to the skirts."

Abby turned and headed towards the lingerie section. Summer followed behind her without acknowledging Todd.

When they reached the lingerie, Abby asked Summer, "What size are you slut?"

Without hesitation Summer replied, "I am a 36C in a bra and a size 6 dress/skirt size."

"Well slut, I think that we will be putting you in a 34C so that your breasts will be better displayed," Abby quickly said.

"Take off your sweater and bra slut," instructed Abby.

"Right here," Summer asked?

Abby quickly replied, "Yes right here and do not give me any trouble. I have to work fast. So take that sweater and bra off NOW!"

Stunned by Abby's tone and fearful of reprisals from Todd, Summer stepped towards the changing room when she heard Abby say, "Slut, where are you going? Take your clothes off right here."

"I cannot take my sweater and bra off here in the lobby Abby as someone I know may see me," cried Summer.

"Listen slut, I do not have time to argue with you. Either take your clothes off or get the fuck out of here," Abby angrily said.

Summer thought for a moment and wondered what could possibly happen to her here in the clothing boutique known as Mandee's. Then the thought of her being bent over the bathroom counter and being paddled and fucked with her hair brush by Abby made Summer realize that for now, she needed to do as she was told.

Slowly, Summer unbuttoned the sweater and shrugged it off of her shoulders. Staring directly into Abby's young eyes, Summer reached around and quickly unclasped her bra. She saw Abby's eyes go directly to her nipples and watched as her eyes moved from one to the other.

"I see that you have been to see Marcos," Abby finally said.

Abby quickly said to Summer, "Because I had to argue with you, take your skirt off too. I want to make sure that the thongs properly fit you."

Summer quickly and angrily replied, "I do not see how that will help Abby. You know my skirt size translates into the right size for a thong."

Abby grabbed Summer by the arm and in a harsh tone said to her, "Slut, take the skirt off right now!"

As Abby continued to twist her arm, Summer turned her head and saw that Todd was staring at her. The expression on his face was one of anger and Summer knew immediately that she had crossed the line.

Summer turned her head back to Abby and said, "Ok, Abby I am sorry. It is just that in such a public place I must be careful about who may see me because of my job. I hope that you understand."

"Slut, I do not really care. Get the fucking skirt off now," Abby angrily replied.

Summer, resigned to her fate, unbuttoned the top two buttons on her blue jean skirt, slipped her thumbs inside the loose waistband and lowered the skirt to the floor. Summer stepped out of the skirt, placed her hands on her hips and waited for Abby's next instructions.

"Slut, stand right there. I will bring several different styles of bras and thongs for you to try on," Abby said as she walked the short distance to the lingerie racks.

Summer stood with her hands on her hips and watched Abby gather several different bra & thong sets. Summer noticed that there were different colors and styles, but they all had the same trait, her nipples would be quite visible through all of them.

The first bra that Abby handed to Summer had white lace cups with wide lace straps. As Summer pulled the straps up her arms, she noticed that the bra was not full coverage and it took some effort to close the back clasps. Abby reached up and helped Summer adjust the cups so that her breasts were fully supported. When Summer looked down, she noticed that the tops of her nipples were clearly visible above the lace top of the bra. The wide straps of the bra pulled her breasts upwards and the side padding pushed and lifted her size C breasts.

Looking at Abby Summer asked, "What size is this bra? It feels too small for me."

"Slut, Master T has required that all of your new bras be a size 34 instead of your stated 36. He wants your breasts to be thrust outward and upwards for better viewing, replied Abby.

Abby handed the white lace thong and told Summer to try it on. As Summer began to pull the new thong on, she heard Abby say, "Take your red thong off first stupid."

Summer did as she was told and when her red thong was bunched at her feet, she heard a gasp from Abby, "I see Marcos decorated your nice cunt lips to. They really make you look even more like a slut."

Summer went through five bra and thong sets all the while under the watchful eye of Abby. When she had tried each set on, Abby had made sure that the nipple studs were either completely visible through the material of each bra or that the tops of Summer's dollar sized nipples were clearly visible.

"Ok, slut, you can put your red bra and thong back on as well as your sweater. Meet me in the skirt section right away," Abby said as she moved to the other side of the store. Summer headed to the skirt section of the store as she had been instructed. Summer carried her blue jean skirt draped over her arm and she kept her head bowed hoping that she would not be seen by anyone she knew.

When Summer had completed the short, but dreadful walk across the store, she was happy to see that the skirt section was obscured from the front entrance to Mandee's and that Abby had settled into the back corner.

Without saying a word, Abby handed Summer a black skirt that had slits on each side, a back zipper for closure and came with a silver studded thin patent leather belt. Summer stepped into the dress keeping her red pumps on. The skirt was of course tight and it was obvious that everything that Todd was having Abby pick out was meant to make her feel uncomfortable as well as to put every feature on display.

After zipping the skirt and fastening the belt, Summer was instructed by Abby to walk the aisle to make sure that the skirt fit appropriately. Due to the tightness of the skirt, as Summer walked she was forced to place one foot in front of the other, like a runway model, which caused her ass to sway more than she was comfortable.

As she reached the end of the aisle, Summer heard Abby call out, "Ok slut, now I want you to look in the mirror and then bend over slightly at the waist."

Summer thought, "What a strange request."

Summer did as instructed and she immediately knew why she had been directed to bend over. It was clear that the length of the skirt was sufficient to cover the tops of her hose supported by her garter belt while standing and walking. However, the moment that she stooped, bent or sat, the hemline of the skirt would immediately rise above the tops of her nylons. Summer knew that she had stay up thigh hi's at home that had wide bands of lace at the tops of the hose, but the length of the hose might allow her to hide the lace tops if she were able to stretch the hose. She made a mental note to make sure that she had plenty of hose at home.

Abby then instructed the English teacher to walk back to her. As Summer stood before her, Abby, with a menacing look reached out and through her sweater tweaked her nipples by grasping each bar piercing and twisting. Abby could see the look of fear and pain in Summer's eyes. Abby wanted to do more to hurt the slut, but a sudden movement to her side made her realize that Todd had joined her.

Todd then said to Abby, "You will have plenty of time at a later date to inflict as much pain and humiliation as you want too. Right now, I need you to wrap up the sale. I have to meet my dad on time or he will kill me."

Abby released Summer's nipples after one last twisting pull. Abby could see Summer's eyes watering from the pain so she was satisfied that she at least had the opportunity to inflict some pain onto the teacher that had caused her boyfriend so much trouble with a failing grade during his senior year. 

Abby handed Summer four more skirts that were similar in length to the one she already had on. Each was a different color, but they all were tight and way shorter than anything Summer had ever worn before.

"Ok, slut put your blue jean skirt back on. I do not want any customers coming in and seeing a slut like you shopping in my aunt's store," hissed Abby.

As Summer finished dressing she saw Todd waiting impatiently at the cash register. As she approached the counter, she not only saw the five new skirts and lingerie that she had tried on, Summer also saw that Todd had placed several blouses at the register for her to also pay for. Summer noticed that each buttoned and all were made of flimsy material to the point of almost being see through.

Summer heard Todd say, "Slut, hurry the fuck up and pay for these clothes. I have to be at my father's company in one hour."

As they sped along the freeway, Summer was turning the events of the day over and over in her head. "How could I have gotten myself into such a fix? I am going to stop this before it goes any further," Summer quietly said to herself.

Once they reached Todd's house, Summer said, "Todd, this has been a very interesting day. I cannot go any further with this situation. I have done everything you have told me to do so that is the end of it."

Suddenly, Summer felt the brute force of the back of Todd's right hand across her cheek. The sting of the blow immediately brought tears to her eyes as well as a slight trickle of blood out of the corner of her mouth. The blow was just strong enough to cause pain, but no bruising.

Angrily Todd stared at Summer as he said, "Slut don't you ever call me Todd again. I am your MASTER T and you will do everything I tell you to do, when I tell you to do it."

"But Master T, I cannot go on like this being treated like a common slut," Summer meekly replied.

"Slut you do have a choice. We can stop right now if you like. I will just walk up to my house, pull the flash drive from my hiding place and take it to my father's office. I am sure that he will love seeing how you have taken advantage of a student," Todd said rather matter of factly.

Todd could see the alarm in Summer's eyes so he continued, "Slut, make up you mind. Are you going to submit to my demands or should I just go to my father and end your life as you know it. What will it be Slut?" 

Summer knew immediately that there was no way out for her. The pictures that Todd had would be enough to not only get her fired from her teaching position, but more than likely would cause an investigation from the police. She knew that her relationship with her husband would end. She had no other choice but to submit and hope that Todd would eventually get tired of her.

"Master T, I am sorry. Yes I agree to do everything you tell me to do when you tell me," Summer said without even looking into Todd's eyes.

Todd quickly said, "That is good slut. You can go home now. I will not be needing your services until Monday."

All Summer could say was, "Yes Master T."

"Slut, one more thing before you go. Because you were so insolent just now and attempting to end this relationship you must be punished," Todd said.

"Master T, I promise to never do that again. Please do not punish me," Summer quickly begged.

"It is too late for that Slut. Because you did not believe that you were truly my slut, I think it is best that you show everyone that you are my slut. Take off your sweater and give it to me," Todd said in a very monotone, but forcefully inflicted tone.

Summer knew now that she could not refuse Todd's demands. She slowly unbuttoned the sweater and handed it to Todd. Todd reached into Summer's purse and drew out a red lip pencil. He took Summer's right breast in his hand and wrote "Todd's" on it. Then on the left breast, Todd wrote "Slut" on it.

Then Todd said to Summer, "Slut, you are to drive home with the top down and anyone that looks into the car will be able to tell that you are my slut."

Summer begged and said, "Master T, I am sorry please do not make me drive home this way. I will never dispute you again."

"It is too late for that slut. If you do not shut up this instance, I will make you take your skirt off and I will write those words on your thighs and ass for all to see," Todd replied.

All Summer could muster was, "Yes Master T."

Todd got out of the driver side of the car and left the door open. As Summer started to slide across the seat she heard Todd say, "Get your ass out of the car and walk around to the driver side of the car."

As Summer walked around the car, she was thankful that Todd's parents lived in an area where there was little or no car traffic. She was able to settle into the driver's seat when she heard Todd say, "Slut, pull your skirt up above your waist. That way anyone passing by can see those red panties of your."

Todd slammed the door and walked away. Before Summer put the car in drive and turned towards home, she lowered the convertible top so that she would be able to do as Todd said in allowing anyone who was looking could see that she was indeed his slut.

Fortunately for Summer the ride home had been basically uneventful. Only the occasional eighteen wheeler came by tooting its horns as it was obvious that they had a clear view into her convertible. As she pulled into her garage and closed the door, Summer broke down and cried hysterically. When she finally calmed down, she looked in her rearview mirror; she saw the streaks of her mascara on her face and the redness of her eyes. She screamed at the top of her lungs, "What the fuck am I going to do?"

Summer rushed into the house leaving the bags of clothes, lingerie and shoes in the car. Tomorrow was Sunday and hopefully it was a day of rest for her.

