Summer's Blackmail Ch. 07
bywilcox010©
To my followers and to my new readers, I apologize for the time between chapters. I have paused to try and find a suitable path on which to take Summer to complete her submission to Master T. This is the beginning of the path. I hope you enjoy.

***********************************************

"That's right slut, spread those legs further so that I can get my cock all the way into that hot ass of yours," she heard Todd say.

Summer could feel Todd's cock going deeper into her ass and she could feel the top of her wooden desk scraping against her new nipple piercings. Todd had surprised her this morning and had been waiting on her in her classroom. He had made her strip off all of her clothes except for the garter belt, hose and her red stiletto heels. Now, he had bent her over her desk and was forcing her to fuck him while the principal, Mr. William Harding watched.

"You see Mr. Harding, she is my slut and she will do anything I tell her to do," Todd said.

To which Mr. Harding said, "I want to see the slut cum. Can you make her cum Todd?"

All he said to Summer was, "Slut, put your hands under your body and start rubbing your clit."

Without hesitation, Summer slowly slid her right hand between her pelvic bone and her teaching desk. When her fingers found her clit, Mr. Harding could hear her audible moan. Summer began to rapidly stroke her now erect clit in rhythm with Todd's assault on her asshole. The deeper he went the closer she was to an orgasm. She felt Todd's intensity increase and she felt his cock bury itself deep within her bowels. 

Todd then said, "Slut, the next time you feel my hairy balls slap against your ass, I want you to cum immediately. Do you understand me slut?"

All Summer could say was, "Yes Master T."

Todd slowed down his assault on the sexy teacher's ass hole. He got into a rhythm where he would force his cock into Summer's tight asshole, but not completely. Todd wanted Mr. Harding to see how Summer would fuck her hips to meet each of his thrusts. It did not take long for Summer to begin to fuck back against Todd's thrusts. Todd could feel her ass beginning to stretch just a little and that Summer was no longer feeling pain.

Todd began to quicken the pace of his cock sliding deeper and deeper into Summer's asshole. He could feel her body more strongly meeting each of his thrusts. Summer was laying face down on her desk with her face turned towards her principal, Mr. Harding. She could see the lust on his face and the sneer of the knowledge that she now must submit to him as well as Todd. Summer saw the principal slowly move towards the desk and just as he neared her, she saw him lowering his zipper. Summer watched as the principal unbuckled his pants and in one swift motion lowered them around his ankles.

Mr. Harding placed the tip of his already erect cock against Summer's lips. When he did not feel any resistance he jammed the full length of his eight inch cock completely into Summer's mouth. Summer gasped for air through her nose because the principal's girth was gagging her and there was no way to force it from her mouth. 

Just then she felt Todd's pace quicken and she could feel her body once again betraying her as the constant feeling of Todd's cock sliding into and almost completely out of her ass as well as the manipulation of her clit by her fingers had her body on the verge of orgasm. But, Summer did not dare cum as she knew the consequences of not following Todd's instructions would be dire. So, Summer pressed her pelvic bone harder against her hand and waited for the command that would send her over the edge.

But, before that could happen she felt hands on her head, fingers wrapped in her hair and the cock in her mouth began to erupt as the principal was not able to last long in her mouth. Gobs of cum erupted into her throat. Summer could feel each eruption spray his hot jism against the back of her throat. When the last of the principal's eruptions ended, Summer felt Mr. Harding's cock slip from her lips leaving a trail of cum. That is when she heard the words she was dying to hear from Todd, "Cum now Slut!"

With that, Todd slammed his cock completely into Summer's ass where he began to pump his cum deep into her bowels. At the same time, Summer's body erupted into an orgasm that caused her to slam her ass back against Todd's pelvic region. Summer could feel each of Todd's ejaculations as she felt his hot cum against her bowel's walls. Summer felt Todd's last thrust and his body crashed against her. He lay on top of her motionless until she heard the school bells ringing.

Summer trying to get Todd off of her screamed, "Master T, please get off of me. My class is starting in 2 minutes. Please get off."

Todd replied, "Well today slut, your students are going to find out what kind of teacher they really have."

Todd pulled his cock out of the poor English teacher's ass, held her body down on the desk and then stuck his cock up to her lips. "Slut, open your mouth and clean my cock," was Todd's command.

Summer pleaded, "Master T, please let me up. Do not make me do that. The students will be in here any minute."

About that time, to Summer's horror the second bell rang and..................................

Just then, Summer was awakened from her sleep to the sound of her home phone ringing. As she grabbed the phone and answered, she was pleasantly surprised that it was her husband James making his usual Sunday morning call to her. She and James talked for what seemed like an hour when they finally said their goodbyes. James noted that Summer seemed to be a bit distant, but he attributed that to the distance and the remaining four weeks that he would be in Asia. He promised to call during the middle of the week on Skype so that they could see each other's faces.

James then made a call to his best friend Steve. He and his wife Lisa had been friends of theirs for as many years as he and Summer had lived in their home. He asked that Steve and Lisa go and check on Summer on Sunday afternoon. James told Steve that he felt something was wrong with Summer but she only had said that she was very tired and had not been sleeping well. Steve told James that he and Lisa would be happy to go and check on Summer on their way to his company's party later on Sunday afternoon. James thanked Steve and hung up the phone.

As Summer hung up the phone, she realized that she still had on the same clothes from Saturday. She could not believe that she had slept all night without bothering to strip off the slutty clothes that Todd had made her wear all Saturday. Summer jumped out of bed and stripped off the white sweater and blue jean skirt. As she looked in the mirror, she was startled by the piercings in her nipples as she had forgotten all about them. She studied her nipples and how the barbell type piercings made her nipples stand erect. 

Summer unclasped her bra and then gave each piercing a slight pull. Summer was relieved that the only pain she experienced was a slight irritation, but she was thankful that there was no deep searing pain to deal with. Just then she remembered that Marcos had also done his handiwork on the lips of her pussy. She tugged the red thong off of her hips and rolled the flimsy material down her legs until it gathered around her feet. Summer swiftly kicked the panties towards the dirty clothes hamper.

Summer placed her left foot on her make-up stool, which allowed her to see the piercings in each of her pussy lips. She was taken aback by how her lips and clit stood out because of having had her pubic hair removed by Marcos' red headed assistant, Sarah. Her lips appeared to be very pouty and enlarged. The two rings looked to fill the pierced skin as Summer could not see any details of the holes punched into her tender genital lips. Summer said to herself, "I have to give Marcos his due as I am not in too much pain and the piercings do not seem to have damaged my body in any way."

Summer then looked into the mirror and pulled her hair away from her left ear, she was able to see that Marcos' piercing was quite expertly done, and there was no reddening around the piercings and the large gage size of the piercing. She also noticed the three red beads that adorned the gold ring. Summer wondered to herself as to what the significance of the three red beads could be. But, she felt that at some point, Todd would enlighten her.

Summer stepped into her shower and let the warm water run over her body. She shuddered when the water began running over her pierced nipples as they seemed to be so much more sensitive to touch. Summer found herself concentrating on the water stimulating her nipples and almost mindlessly ran the fingers of her right hand down to each nipple giving each a slight tug and she was pleased that the sensation she felt was erotic and not pain.

Summer's right hand continued down over her flat abdomen (after years of crunches and sit-ups) and settled on her clit. Summer's left hand began to massage her breasts while carefully avoiding the gold bar piercings. Summer leaned back against the tile wall of the shower, felt the cascading water flow over her nipples supported by her left hand and began to furiously rub her erect clit. It was only moments before she had another mind shattering orgasm.

When Summer was able to regain her composure, she went about bathing, washing & conditioning her hair, shaved her legs, arm pits and then out of fear of reprisal from Todd, made sure that there was no stubble of pubic hair. To complete the shaving, Summer bent over in the shower, spread her ass cheeks and used her Gillette razor around her anal passage.

Once satisfied that her body was free of hair, Summer stepped from the shower, softly dabbed the water from her body, wrapped her hair in a second bath towel and wrapped herself in the fine Egyptian cotton, short robe that James had brought back to her from his overseas travel.

Summer went about her morning routine of coffee, muffin and reading the newspaper that was conveniently left on her porch, which she found different as the paper boy had never done that before. 

As Summer poured her second cup of coffee, she opened the lifestyle section of the paper. When Summer turned to the fourth page of the section, she found a letter sized, manila envelop labeled: SLUT.

Now she knew why the paper was on the front porch. Todd had been to her house and had left it there for her to find. She placed the envelop aside as she did not want Todd to interrupt her morning any more than he already had due to the orgasm she reached while touching the piercings in the shower.

About an hour later, when her curiosity finally got the best of her, Summer picked up the envelop and took it with her to her bedroom. Summer's hair was now styled, she had done her face and she had put on her favorite comfortable sweats and light long sleeved tee-shirt. 

Dear Slut,

I trust that you are having a good Sunday morning. I guess you deserve it after how well you did yesterday. How are those piercings? Have you played with you nipples yet? I bet you have.

I checked the weather report for today and it looks beautiful. I think it would be a great day for you to lay in your back yard to work on your tan. You are not allowed to wear a top, but you can wear the black thong bikini bottoms that I found in the bottom drawer of your chest. I want you to have a defined bikini tan line and you will maintain it through the fall. You will find a tanning salon this week and arrange daily tanning sessions so long as your appointments do not conflict with my plans for you.

You are to stay in your yard all afternoon. You are not to cover your body in any way except for tanning oil because I do not want those sexy nipples to get burned. You are not allowed to cover yourself in any way no matter who may or may not see you.

You are to take your cell phone out to the back yard with you. You will be taking pictures of yourself to be sent to me. Make sure that it is lying next to you as I may or may not call you during the day.

For tomorrow on your first day back at school, you are to wear your new white lace bra and thong set. You will wear the black skirt with the slits and you will wear the white silk blouse that is in your closet. You are to leave the top two buttons undone. You will finish off your outfit with the red four inch pumps and hose. You are to take a picture of yourself before you head off to school and send it to me.

Do not disappoint me by not doing everything detailed in this letter.

Master T

"Oh god, how am I going to get out of this mess? Summer you are so stupid," said the pitiful English teacher to no one.

Summer looked at her clock and noticed that it was almost noon. She figured that she had four hours of sun before her back yard was shaded by the trees from Sam Johnson's back yard. Summer had always worn a top and kept a towel very close by when lying out in the sun in her back yard as she always felt that Sam was looking out of his window at her, which made Summer very uncomfortable. Even when she was in the yard with James, she always tried to fight off his suggestions to sunbathe nude because she did not want to be on display for Sam.

As Summer padded out to the most secluded spot in her back yard, she enjoyed the feel of her freshly mowed lawn. "Thank goodness the lawn maintenance crew came while I was out of the house yesterday," Summer quietly said to herself.

Summer spread out her oversized beach towel, placed her sunning oil and bottle of water on the towel, laid her cell phone on the towel, rolled up her extra towel that would support her head and then shrugged off her white silk robe. Now all Summer was wearing was the black thong bottom to the bathing suit that James bought for her during their vacation to Mexico.

Summer grabbed the sun tan oil and spread it generously over her breasts and nipples. She paid particular attention to her newly pierced nipples as she did not want to have the pain from too much sun coupled with the uncomfortable pain generated by her newly pierced nipples. As she is massaging the oil into her breasts, Summer got the first real feel of the gold studs of each nipple. She was surprised by the size of the piercings as well as how erect her nipples now stood. Of course the light breeze from the early fall afternoon did add a little more stimulation to her nipples.

Once she was satisfied that her breasts and nipples were appropriately protected by the oil, Summer began rubbing oil onto her shoulders, arms and stomach. As her fingers reached the top of her black bikini thong, Summer slowly massaged oil just inside the top of her thong to ensure that whatever tan she got was even across her body. Summer moved on to her legs starting at her inner thighs and then proceeded to her feet. Summer reapplied oil to her upper thighs and as she felt her fingers moving up to the crotch of her thong, she just grazed the lips of her pussy. She was reminded of the rings that adorned each of her pussy lips. Summer slipped her fingers inside her bikini bottom, found the rings and gave them each a small tug. Summer was very pleased that there was no real pain, but her lips were very sensitive.

As Summer continued to pull on her rings, she began to feel her body responding to her fingers. She slowly moved her fingers, still inside her thong, up to her slit. She began to rub her erect clit and was pleased that it was moistened by her own juices. As if on autopilot, Summer began to rub the knob of her clit with already moistened finger tips. She reached up and began to gently massage her breast being careful not to twist her pierced nipples. As she got ever closer to her orgasm, she suddenly heard her phone ring.

"Oh shit", Summer exclaimed. It was Master T calling.

Summer picked up her cell phone, but kept her fingers on her clit. As she answered the phone, she felt herself getting oh so close to the orgasm she so badly wanted to have. But, Master T interrupted by saying, "Slut, what are you doing?"

Summer went about telling Todd where she was, what she had on and that she was doing as he had demanded. To which she was instructed to take a picture utilizing her cell phone and send it to him immediately. The picture must show her current position and that there had not be any other clothing covering her body.

Summer hung up the phone, balled up her white silk robe and put it under her pillow towel. Summer then held the phone away from her body and took the picture that she was instructed to take. Summer looked at the picture and was satisfied that it appropriately showed that she only had on her black bikini thong bottom, her body glistened with oil and that her pierced nipples were very prominent in the picture as well as her face. Summer took the appropriate steps and sent the picture via email from her phone.

It wasn't long until she heard her phone jingle which let Summer know that she had received a text from Master T. It read, "Slut, I am at work so I do not have time to fuck with you today. I am pleased with the picture. You are to have an orgasm immediately and then proceed with your tanning."

Well if she had not been interrupted by his phone call, then I would already have had that orgasm, Summer thought to herself.

Summer put the phone away and then placed her hand back inside her thong. Finding her clit still erect, it was not long until Summer felt her body jerk in reaction to another powerful orgasm.

Almost two hours later, Summer was awakened by a female voice calling out to her. Summer rolled onto her stomach and saw that it was her best friend Lisa and her husband, Steve.

Summer heard Lisa exclaim, "Summer here you are? I have been ringing your doorbell and thought I would just take a stab to see if you were resting in your back yard."

Summer quickly replied, "I am just trying to get a little more sun before the season goes completely away. I think I can lay out maybe two more weekends. How are you guys?"

Summer could see Steve looking up and down her body as he stood with Lisa. Summer had always been uncomfortable around Steve because his ice blue yes seemed to penetrate her mind and she always felt he was undressing her whenever she was in his presence. 

Steve continuing to look over Summer's body said, "Wow, I never knew how beautiful and sleek your body was Summer. It is unfortunate that James is not here, but oh so fortunate for me."

Lisa chimed in, "You know Steve, Summer and I were drinking on Friday at Julio's. We had a great time and Summer was oh so bad!"

Staring down at Summer, Lisa continued, "Steve, why don't you go and get us two chairs from the patio. We can join Summer here on the lawn and visit for a bit before we head out to party."

As Steve walked away, Summer finally noticed that he was dressed casually in shorts, Hawaiian shirt and flip flops. Lisa was dressed in a similar casual style with a short handkerchief styled skirt, tank top and platform sandals. Summer then asked, "Where are you guys going?"

Summer looking up into Lisa's eyes noticed a change in her demeanor when Lisa looking down at her forcibly, but quietly said, "Slut, how dare you call me by my first name. You have already forgotten the lesson you learned in the bathroom at Julio's haven't you?"

Summer suddenly remembered the treatment she received at the hands of her best friend. How Lisa had intercepted Master T's text messages, forced her to strip, to lick & suck her pussy and then absorb the brutal spanking administered by Abby and the hairbrush.

"But, Lisa, that was on Friday. I just thought it was a result of the moment and your finding out I was being blackmailed," pleaded Summer.

"Slut, you are to call me Mistress as I demanded on Friday. If you do not, then a disk that contains some very interesting events with the three men will some how find its way into James' hands in Asia," Lisa quickly hissed.


As Summer saw Steve approaching she asked, "Lisa, does Steve know everything that happened on Friday night?"

"Slut, you will call me Mistress and do whatever I tell you to do and when I tell you to do it. Or everyone will find out what happened on Friday night, do you understand," Lisa sternly asked?

Defeated, Summer only said, "Yes Mistress."

As Steve rejoined them, Summer heard him ask Lisa, "Where do you want these babe?"

"Why don't you put them on either side of Summer? That way we can both look at her as she lies in the sun. Will that be ok," Summer heard Lisa say.

Summer was now trapped. If she did not respond to Lisa by addressing her as Mistress, then she ran the risk of a disc containing who knows what from Friday night finding its way to James in Asia. If she addresses Lisa as Mistress, then Steve would know how submissive she was. Summer just laid there without saying a word, but to no avail. Summer heard Lisa clear her throat so she knew she was trapped.

Summer then replied, "Yes Mistress that will be just fine."

"Oh man, you were right Lisa. I did not believe you, but she is your slut," Summer heard Steve exclaim.

Now Summer was lying in her back yard, being ogled by her best friend and her husband with no escape. She prayed that Lisa and Steve had to leave pretty soon so that her torment would not last very long.

It wasn't long before Summer heard her first command from Lisa when she said, "Slut, go and get us something cold to drink. It is pretty warm out here." 

Summer pulled the robe from under her neck towel, but she heard Lisa say, "There is no need for a robe slut. You should be very comfortable in front of us. Just stroll back to the house and bring us each an ice cold beer. As a matter of fact, bring four Coronas when you return."

Summer hesitated for as long as she dared. She raised up on her knees, felt her breasts rise up from the towel, and then she made a quick dash to the house.

"Lisa, did you see her nipples? I think they were pierced," Steve said to Lisa. 

"Yes, I saw that. We will have a little fun with Summer when she gets back. Just play along with me and follow my lead," Lisa said to Steve with a smile.

Summer quickly returned with four ice cold Coronas that she had stocked in her refrigerator. As she walked towards Lisa & Steve, Summer held the beers in a manner that helped to hide her breasts. She could not imagine what Lisa might say to her should they see her new piercings. Summer also remembered that she had said to Lisa on Friday that only sluts shaved their pussies. Now here she was only a thin black thong away from having to eat her words.

Summer held out a beer to Lisa first and then offered the second beer to Steve. She still held the other two beers as her arms were folded across her breasts. Unfortunately, the beer bottles touched her skin and Summer could feel her nipples hardening because of the extreme temperature change to her skin where the bottles touched her.

Summer dropped to her knees and began to slide forward so that she could once again lay on her stomach and hide her pierced nipples. But, it was not to be.

"Slut, don't lay on your stomach. Lie on your back so that you can look up at us as we talk," were the words that Summer dreaded hearing, but found that she had no choice but to obey.

As Summer rolled onto her back, she looked up at Lisa and prayed that she would be kind to her. She refused to glance towards Steve because she knew how he was. At some party a few years back, she and James had been in a hot tub with Steve & Lisa and it was very apparent that he had wanted more than just sitting next to her. He had turned towards her a couple of times and under the bubbles had run his hands up Summer's legs and had brazenly taken Summer's hand and placed it on his hard cock. From what Summer remember, Steve was quite endowed.

Lisa exclaimed, "My my my...Slut what have you been up to?"

"Yes Summer, when did you get those beautiful nipples pierced," Steve asked.

Lisa, looking directly into Summer's eyes asked, "Slut, did your Master make you pierce your nipples?"

All Summer could say was, "Yes Mistress."

There was a brief period of silence, so Summer took a couple of long drags from her Corona bottle. The coolness of the beer, a slight breeze and the tension surrounding her, caused Summer's nipples to harden just a little more. She was amazed that the piercings kept her nipples hard, but that now with just a little stimulation from the beer and the glaring eyes of Lisa, Summer's body began to betray her.

"Slut, why don't you tell us how you came to have your nipples pierced and do not leave out anything," Lisa purred.

As Summer relayed the events of yesterday, she could feel her body becoming more and more turned on. Maybe it was the fact that she had no control over the events of yesterday or the fact that she was being made to relive those events by describing in full detail the whole day. All Summer knew was that her pussy was getting wetter and wetter. She hoped that the thin slice of material between her lips did not betray her.

Lisa and Steve were stunned. Neither could believe that their friend could be so totally dominated by a high school senior. Neither could they believe that Summer was dumb enough to send pictures out over the internet to some one she did not know. Steve was beginning to see how he would be able to take full advantage of this situation. But, he could see by the look in Lisa's eyes that he would not be calling the shots this afternoon.

When Summer had finished recounting the piercing experience, she drank the rest of her beer in two quick chugs. Quickly, she was handed the extra beer by Lisa and was told to drink that one too. Lisa knew from previous experience that Summer could not hold her beer. For some reason, beer caused Summer to get drunk quicker than even Julio's margaritas. 

Lisa allowed Summer to finish her second beer. Once she was finished she told Summer to go back into the house and bring everyone another beer and to bring James' favorite bottle of tequila, along with salt and limes. Summer did not even try to cover her breasts & nipples as she stood up off of the towel. She felt Lisa and Steve's eyes on her all the way into the house. Summer sliced a lime, gathered up her salt shaker and found James' Patron in the liquor cabinet. She went to the refrigerator and got three more ice cold Corona beers. Summer grabbed the beers, held the Patron under her arm and she carried the salt & lime in her other hand.

As Summer padded her way across the lawn to rejoin Steve and Lisa, she stopped dead in her tracks when she saw Lisa's head buried in Steve's lap. Summer could see Steve's cock glistening with saliva as Lisa's head moved up and down on the hard shaft. From where she was standing, Summer estimated that Steve's cock was at least nine inches.

Summer then heard Steve say, "Bring those beers on over here Summer. Lisa is working up a sweat."

Summer finished walking the short distance back to the towel. Lisa continued her assault on her husband's cock. As Summer was watching, her phone rang. As she looked at the display it showed a call from Master T. "Oh God," Summer murmured to herself. She wondered if she should answer the phone. What would happen to her if she did not?

Summer summoned the courage to answer the phone, "Hello Master T this is your slut."

Lisa stopped in mid stroke and turned to look at Summer. She watched as Summer had a brief conversation with her young master. Lisa was very interested in finding out the details of Summer's call and how she might be able to take advantage of the situation. However, they were running out of time because she and Steve had to get to the party.

As Summer put the phone down on her towel, Lisa could see concern in her eyes. Lisa asked, "What is it slut? What did your Master want to know? What did he tell you to do?"

Summer hesitated just a second to compose her response. She was not sure how she would be able to tell Lisa about the call because, with her nosey neighbor, it might be impossible for her to keep her situation secret from Sam Johnson.

Master T instructed his poor English teacher to strip off her bathing suit bottom and to display her cunt lip piercings. She was to stand before them, peel down her thong bikini bottom, spread her legs and pull her lips apart. Then she was to do whatever Mistress Lisa told her to do.

As Lisa and Steve watched, Summer stood before them and slowly pulled her bikini thong over her hips, to her knees and then she let it fall to her feet. She quickly stepped out of the thong and then spread her legs as she had been directed by Master T. Summer then, while looking directly into Lisa's eyes, using both of her trembling hands, pulled each of her cunt lips in such a manner as to expose the opening to her cunt as well as to display the piercings in each of her cunt lips. Master T told her to stand before Lisa and her husband in this position until told to do otherwise. When either of them spoke to her, Summer was required to ask her Mistress to take a picture with her own cell phone and ask Mistress Lisa to send it to Master T.

As Summer stood before them, Lisa and Steve were stunned to see that their friend, English teacher and wife of Steve's best friend James was standing before them with her pussy lips spread wide. They could see that Summer had a clean shaven pubic area and that she had had each of her pussy lips adorned with gold rings. Lisa and Steve could see Summer's lips were glistening with moisture and that her clit was very erect. Steve could not believe what he was seeing and was first to ask a question. "Slut, why are you standing before us in that manner?"

"Mistress Lisa and Steve, I have been instructed by my Master to display myself in this manner to you," replied the poor school teacher.

"So, let me get this straight slut, Master T has told you to stand before us and show us your naked, cleanly shaven pussy and your rings that adorn your pussy lips. Is that correct slut," asked Lisa.

"Yes Mistress Lisa. Also, I am required to ask you to use my cell phone and take a picture of me in this position and then send it to Master T via a text message," their shaken friend replied.

Lisa, beginning to take advantage of the situation, said to Summer, "Slut, bend over with your ass to me and pick up your cell phone. Do not stand back up until I instruct you to do so. While bending over you are to reach behind you, grasp your sexy ass checks and spread them so that I can get a good look at your freshly shaven pussy."

Without saying a word, Summer spun around on the towel, spied the cell phone, bent over at the waist, reached behind and grasped each of her ass cheeks and spread them as far as she could. Lisa was not pleased with the view and told Summer to spread her feet further apart. When Summer had completed this task, she felt fingers lightly pulling on her new pussy piercings. The sheer touch of the fingers against her lips and the tugging on the rings caused Summer's body to tremble with excitement. Summer could not believe that her body was reacting that way to stimulation of another woman and the rings in her pussy lips.

Satisfied with the inspection Lisa instructed Summer to once again stand and to give her cell phone to Steve. Steve then had Summer assume the original position, standing before him and Lisa, spreading her pussy lips and making sure to look directly into the phone's camera lens. Steve snapped a picture and then instructed Summer to turn around, bend over at the waist, spread her pussy lips and then he took another picture. Steve handed the phone to Lisa who quickly found Master T's number and sent both pictures to him.

While they were waiting on a reply, Lisa had Summer get lay back down on the towel. Lisa told Steve to suck both of Summer's nipples gently to make them wet. Once he had completed this task, she poured salt on each nipple. Holding a lime in their hands, Lisa and Steve both took one of Summer's nipples into their mouths and using their tongues took all of the salt from their poor friend's nipples. Summer felt her nipples react to their tongues like they were on fire but also her body was stimulated even more. Lisa and Steve rose, took a long drag from the Patron bottle and then sucked on the lime slices that Summer had previously prepared.

Next, Lisa spread salt down the length of Steve's semi erect cock. When she was satisfied that an ample amount of salt had been applied, Lisa instructed Summer to suck Steve until he was completely hard and when she had accomplished that she was to take the bottle of Patron and take a long swig of the tequila.

As Summer knelt between Steve's legs, she took his cock into her mouth. There was a fair amount of salt on his cock which gave it a different texture and flavor. Summer went about cleaning Steve's cock until it was fully erect. Summer was not able to take the full length and girth of Steve's cock and she was happy that she had concentrated on the base area before aggressively sucking the head. All the while, Lisa was offering encouraging comments to Summer, calling her a slut and telling her that it had better be the best blow job she had ever given or she might have to take punishment from her master.

Summer was energized by the verbal assault and by the degradation that came along with Lisa's verbal attack. Summer could feel her body reacting to the instructions, the taste of salt in her mouth and Steve's ever growing cock. Summer wanted to prove to Lisa that she could bring Steve to the edge of orgasm and tried as hard as she could to take the full length of Steve's now fully erect cock. Summer could feel the cock become completely rigid, which signaled to her that he, was near orgasm. She then felt Steve's hands on either side of her head and then he began to guide her up and down on his shaft. Her sucking actions were becoming louder and louder as Steve forced her head up and down more rapidly.

Lisa interrupted Summer's blow job by saying, "Ok Slut that is enough. Take the Patron bottle and start drinking until I tell you to stop."

Lisa handed the bottle to Summer knowing that she would not be able to take much of the tequila in one swig, but she wanted to force Summer to take several big gulps so that her inhibitions would be lowered. Lisa had decided to take advantage of Summer before they headed of to the party. It would be a good precursor to the fun that she and Steve would have there. Too bad it was not bring a slut with you kind of party as the guests were mostly clients of Steve's company. Lisa smiled to herself thinking that at some point she and Steve could host some of his special clients and Summer could be offered to them as a party favor. She was sure that there would be opportunities to use and humiliate her further.

"Ok slut stop and take a couple of bites from the limes there in front of you," Lisa instructed Summer.

Summer took the bottle away from her mouth and coughed from the tequila's attack on her throat. Small dribbles of the hot liquid escaped her mouth, which she quickly caught with her tongue. Summer took a slice of lime in each hand and quickly bit into the first one. Once she had sucked as much of the juice as she could from the first one, she took the second bigger slice into her mouth. The limes miraculously took the fire away from the tequila and she was able to once again breathe.

"You are a very good slut. I am pleased with your sucking efforts as you certainly made Steve's cock rock hard," complimented Lisa.

Summer responded in a compliant tone, "Thank you Mistress. I am happy that I have pleased you."

Lisa continued, "Slut, your Master has given you to me for the rest of the day. However, we have to be some place and do not have time to appropriately humiliate and use you like you deserve. But, we will use you for a little while before we have to go. So, let's clean up the yard and head into your house."

Lisa and Steve picked up their two chairs and headed back to the house. They left Summer the chore of picking up all of the beer bottles, the Patron bottle, the lime remnants, her towel, robe, suntan oil and her thong. Summer was a little wobbly as she headed towards the house.

Once Summer reached the patio door, she heard Lisa command, "Slut, spread the towel there on the patio. Facing Sam's house, you are to lay there and rub your pussy until it is completely soaked in your juices. You are not to cum."

Without hesitation and with no will of her own, Summer carefully placed all of the empty beer bottles down, the Patron bottle and the remnants of the tequila shot condiments. Summer then spread the towel in such a manner so as to have her pussy facing Sam's house. From a position on his deck, if Sam was paying attention, he could see everything that Summer was doing to herself and he would not be able to see who was giving her directions. As Summer's back came in contact with the towel on the hard concrete patio, her body stiffened at the thought that her neighbor Sam Johnson would see her. She hesitated a moment too long and heard Lisa scream, "Slut, rub that cunt now!"

So, giving in to her Mistress and most of all her desires, Summer lay back on the towel, spread her legs and ran her hand down her body until it came in contact with her very erect clit. As her finger touched her clit, shock waves went all over her body. She was at the edge of orgasm anyway because of the exposure to Lisa and Steve, the fact that she had been made to display her piercings to them and the fact that now she was laying spread eagled on her patio rubbing herself for all she was worth had brought her to the edge of orgasm.

Lisa saw that Summer was nearing orgasm when she said, "Slut, stop now. Get on your hands and knees and crawl in to us.

As Summer's knees hit the hard concrete, they began to ache. It was more that 10 feet between where she had been laying on the towel and the entrance to her house. As she reached the door stoop, Summer heard Lisa command, "Ok slut. Climb up on the kitchen table. We are going to have some fun with your pussy and mouth."

Summer leaned against the rectangular oak kitchen table and then lied down on it as required. Summer scooted back on the table so that the heels of each of her feet were on the edge which allowed perfect access to her pussy. Suddenly she felt a tongue, Steve's, tasting her lips. She felt teeth clutching the rings on her pussy lips and tugging on the skin. She then felt a finger slide into her now sopping wet pussy and then a second. Slowly, Steve's tongue worked away from her piercings and moved ever closer to Summer's clit. Steve paused just below Summer's clit as he inserted a third finger into her fully moistened cunt. Steve began to fuck his three fingers in and out of Summer's cunt and he matched that rhythm with his tongue on her clit. 

As Summer was getting accustomed to Steve's stimulations, she heard Lisa say, "Slut, it is now time for you to get busy with your tongue."

Summer felt Lisa's legs press up against the sides of her head as she slowly lowered her pussy to meet Summer's waiting lips. At first Summer resisted orally servicing her new mistress. When she took too long, Summer felt Lisa begin to pull and twist her recently pierced nipples, causing her to scream, which was muffled by Lisa lowering her pussy lips over Summer's mouth.

With Steve continuing to suck on her clit and fucking his fingers in her pussy, Summer's body succumbed to its stimulations and she began to lick and suck her mistress' pussy. Summer could taste Lisa's moist pussy lips and was not taken aback by its taste. As a matter of fact, Summer tasted a slight influence of honey. It appeared that while in Summer's kitchen, Lisa had been going through cabinets looking for something to help aide in the experience for Summer.



Lisa continued to pull and twist Summer's pierced nipples, but at a more compassionate level meant only to further stimulate. She was amazed that Summer was not writing in pain from her fingers constant pressure on the piercings.

Steve meanwhile had escalated his manipulations of Summer's pussy. He was still working his tongue and lips on Summer's clit as well as fucking his fingers into and out of her pussy. But, his free hand had now made its way to the crack of Summer's ass and had found her puckered asshole. The combination of his saliva and Summer's own pussy juice had lubricated the area quite nicely and Steve had no problem inserting first his index finger and then his middle finger.

Summer's body could no longer hold back the waves of orgasm as it succumbed to the stimulations being dealt upon her by her mistress and her husband. Also the fact that they were both long time friends of hers and her husband James only made the shame of submission that much more stimulating. Summer could not believe that her body was betraying her in this manner. Summer exploded in orgasm, but her orgasmic scream was muffled by Lisa's pussy as it was grinding against her lips and tongue.

As Summer's body relaxed just a little from her orgasm, she heard Lisa say, "Slut, stick your tongue inside my pussy. Fuck me with your tongue."

Summer forced her tongue as deeply as she could into her mistress' pussy. Without warning, Summer felt the bulbous head of Steve's nine inch cock begin to inch its way into her soaked pussy. Steve had no trouble completely forcing his cock all the way into Summer's hungry pussy. He could feel the muscles of Summer's pussy pull and try to grasp his cock.

Summer felt Lisa begin to rock back and forth against her face. Summer's tongue was fully inserted into Lisa's pussy and she could feel Lisa's clit rub against her nose with every thrust. Summer felt Steve spread her legs wide and up towards Lisa. She heard Steve tell Lisa to grab summer's legs and pull them forward as he wanted to get his cock even deeper into her pussy. 

As Lisa pulled Summer's legs forward, she also forced them outward to give Steve even more room to fuck his cock into Summer's already stretched pussy. Then Lisa dropped Summer's legs and told Steve to hang on for a minute. Summer felt Lisa rise up off of her and step off of the table. Then in a brief moment, Summer could see Lisa spreading peanut butter on her ass and inside her pussy. As she climbed back up on the table and turned to face her husband Steve, Lisa instructed Summer to make sure that she cleaned her ass and pussy of all of the peanut butter and to make sure that her tongue paid particular attention to her clit.

As Lisa settled into a rhythm with Summer's tongue, she reached down, grabbed Summer's legs and brought them up to her chest. In this position, Steve would now have a direct line to Summer's pussy, but without any prodding, Steve also had a direct line to Summer's waiting, stretched and lubricated anal passage.

With a quick nod, Lisa indicated to Steve that it was time for him to take Summer's ass. As he pulled his cock from Summer's cunt, Lisa felt her mouthing, please do not take it out while still continuing to suck her pussy. But, Summer was not aware of Lisa's plan to have her ass stretched by Steve's now well lubricated cock with her pussy juices.

Lisa began spreading Summer's legs further and further. Steve lowered his head to once again assault Summer's pussy and allowed even more of his saliva to trickle down towards her asshole. Summer began to buck against Steve's oral manipulations and came once again.

Just as Summer was beginning to calm down from her second orgasm, she felt Lisa begin to moan and heard her scream, "Slut, suck my clit now so I can cum!" 

Summer wanting to please her mistress and to prove her submissive slide her face forward so that her lips found Lisa's clit and she began so suck in earnest. This position put Summer's nose direct on Lisa's asshole on which Lisa began to grind. As if on cue, Lisa's body erupted in orgasm just as the head of Steve's cock rested on the opening to Summer's anal passageway.

As Steve began to push his cock past Summer's sphincter muscles, he felt her legs begin to be forced even further apart. He looked down to see that Lisa was no longer holding Summer's legs as she was doing it herself.

Once Lisa recovered from her orgasm, she got down off of the table and laid her head next to Summer's. She began whispering into Summer's ears telling her what a slut she was and that she was going to enjoy taking her to Steve's company party the next time. Lisa continued telling Summer how she would be used by the guests and how they might even let all the woman fuck her with strap-ons. It was then that Steve fully buried his cock into Summer's ass. She felt his balls begin to slap against her ass checks each time he fully buried his cock.

Lisa began to lightly tug on the piercings in each of Summer's nipples until Summer begged for her to stop. Lisa told Summer that this time she would be more compassionate with her nipples because she knew that they still hurt. Lisa let go of the poor teacher's nipples and ran her fingers down her stomach until they found Summer's pussy lips. Lisa spread the lips with her fingers and then using the middle finger of each hand began to stimulate Summer's clit with one and inserted the other. Lisa's finger began to fuck Summer's pussy in rhythm with Steve's strokes into her ass. While this was going on, Summer reached around Lisa and began rubbing her fingers against Lisa's own pussy.

Lisa pulled away and said, "Slut, if you want to rub a pussy then rub yours. But, this time, you are not allowed to cum unless you ask my permission. Do not cum or the consequences will be bad."

Steve then heard Lisa tell him, "Steve, fuck her hard and fast."

Immediately Steve picked up his pace as he looked down to watch Summer rubbing her clit with one hand and using two fingers of her second hand to fuck in and out of her pussy. He grabbed Summer's legs, pressed them together and then forced them back towards her chest. As Summer's knees pressed against her breasts, Steve drove his cock down deep inside Summer. This sudden thrust coupled with her legs pressing against her chest and fingers on her pussy caused Summer to erupt in orgasm, which was exactly what Lisa was hoping would happen.

Steve continued to drive his cock in and out of Summer's ass. As he approached orgasm, Lisa instructed him to pull his cock out of Summer's ass and force it down the slut's throat. Steve pulled out of Summer's ass and he assisted Lisa in turning Summer over onto her stomach. Lisa made sure that Summer's head was placed so that her head was not supported by the table. Steve came around and stood in front of Summer. He began to try and force his cock into Summer's mouth, but she made the mistake of telling him no and that she would not suck his cock after he had used it in her ass.

About that time, Summer felt a sudden sharp pain across her ass. She heard Lisa say to Steve, "Grab her arms and pull them straight out. We are going to teach this bitch a lesson in obedience."

As Steve stretched Summer's arms straight out above her head, he watched as Lisa took one foot and then the other and tied them to the legs of the rectangular kitchen table. Steve looked and noticed that Lisa had used two pairs of pantyhose to secure Summer's legs. 

Lisa, after being satisfied that Summer was properly secured to the table, leaned in to whisper in her ears, "Slut, I told you not to cum. I told you that you would be punished if you came without first asking permission."

Lisa continued, "Steve, hold on tight to her wrists. I am going to take this yard stick and teach this pitiful English teacher a lesson in obedience."

Summer suddenly realized what was about to happen cried, "Lisa, please stop what you are doing. Why are you doing this to me? I thought we were good friends."

To which Lisa quickly replied, "Too late Slut. You have disobeyed me for the last time. You will remember this lesson next time when you are told to do something. And, I am not just your friend anymore. I am your MISTRESS."

With that, Lisa let a terrible blow land across Summer's exposed ass cheeks. Lisa's aim was spot on as the line formed by the yard stick was straight across both of her friend's soft mounds. After ten strokes, Lisa observed that she had almost covered both checks and whelps were beginning to form on each. Lisa remembered that Summer did have to teach tomorrow and she did not want to interrupt what valuable lessons her Master T had in store for her, but she was not through punishing Summer to put her in her place.

Lisa then asked Summer, "Slut, do you understand what your place is now?"

Summer quickly replied, "Yes Mistress."

"Then, are you going to suck Steve's cock as I demanded," was Lisa's next question.

To which Summer simply said, "Yes Mistress."

Lisa then said, "Alright Steve, stick your messy cock into the slut's mouth. I want it clean before we head out to the party."

Steve released Summer's arms and grabbed her head. As his cock approached her lips, Lisa thought that she was not as enthusiastic as she should be so she gave another blow to Summer's ass cheeks. As Summer screamed "NO" Steve slid his still erect cock into her mouth. Just for good measure, Lisa struck two more blows across the top of Summer's ass cheeks, just above where any panties would come to.

Summer felt Steve's cock as he forced it into her mouth. She tasted the insides of her anal passage and almost gagged more from the thought of where the cock had been rather than from the taste. As she got into a rhythm with Steve's face fuck, she suddenly felt something cold against her ass cheeks. She heard Lisa say, "Slut, I am applying a cold bottle to your ass to help with the swelling."

What Summer did not know was that Lisa's plan was to first use the cold exterior of the bottle of Corona to offer some form of pain relief for the beating she had applied to Summer's ass. But, the real purpose of the bottle was to insert it in Summer's ass to give her a beer enema.

As Steve held Summer's head between his strong hands, Lisa moved between Summer's still tied legs. She plied open the ass checks of the teacher, found the opening of her ass still spread from Steve's cock and slowly inserted the mouth of the Corona. She felt Summer strain to move away from the cold glass bottle, but the panty hose bindings held her in place.

With almost no effort, Lisa was able to fully insert the full length of the bottle neck of the beer bottle. Lisa tilted the bottle upwards so that the cold liquid would flow easily into her friend's anal passage. 

Summer felt the cold liquid being emptied into her bowels, which caused her stomach to begin to cramp. She felt Steve's cock getting harder to the point where it was almost impossible for her to stretch her lips any further. With one final thrust, Steve was able to shove the full length of his cock into Summer's mouth and down her throat. It was then that he emptied his full load of cum down the throat of his best friend's wife.

As Steve finished dumping the last bits of his cum down Summer's throat, Lisa was intent on forcing another orgasm upon her poor friend. Lisa kept up the pressure of the Corona bottle in the poor teacher's ass. With each forced thrust of the bottle into her ass, Summer felt the cold liquid squirting around the bottle's neck, down over her pussy and onto her kitchen table.

Summer felt her bowels begin to try and force the cold liquid out of her body. She tightened all of her abdominal muscles in an effort to keep the liquid inside. Finally, she had to expel the liquid, so she pleaded with Lisa, "Mistress, I have to go to the bathroom. The bottle and beer are killing my insides. Please Mistress."

"Of course you can slut. I do not want you to mess up your kitchen," replied a compassionate Lisa.

As Summer got up off of the table, she had to place her hand over her anus for fear that the liquid would come flowing out before she reached her half bath just off of the kitchen. Summer then heard Lisa, "Where do you think you are going slut?"

"Mistress, I am going the bathroom right next to the kitchen," Summer quickly replied.

Lisa grabbed Summer by the arm, brought her face up to hers where they were almost nose to nose and said, "Slut, because you were such a bitch and did not immediately obey my commands, you are not going to be allowed to use the bathroom. As you are a like a bitch dog, you are going to have to find a nice spot in your back yard."

With that, Steve opened the sliding glass door to the patio and Lisa quickly shoved Summer out the door. Just as quickly, Steve slammed the door closed, locked it and then turned back to his wife. Lisa had a sneer on her face and Steve knew that Summer was indeed in trouble. He excused himself and went to the bathroom to clean up. 

Outside, Summer was prancing around trying to find a way to gracefully expel the liquid in her bowels without Sam Johnson seeing her. There really was no place in her back yard that was completely out of his view. With her stomach cramping even worse and with a little seepage beginning, Summer, disgusted with herself, knelt down beside one of the overgrown azaleas in the back yard which provided her with the most protection from being seen by her neighbor.

Once she was satisfied that her bowels had been emptied, she sought and found her garden hose. She did not want to have a reminder of her fate so close to the house. As she began spraying the ground where she had been forced to expel the contents of her bowel, she felt Lisa's presence behind her.

Lisa then grabbed the garden hose and said, "Here slut, let me help you clean-up. Lay across the patio table there and I will give you a quick wash."

Summer turned towards Lisa and begged, "Lisa, please do not do this to me here. Sam Johnson will be able to see anything and everything that you do to me there."

Angrily, Lisa replied, "Slut, if you ever call me by my name again, I will make sure that everyone in your neighborhood knows what a slut you are and that you are fucking one of your high school students. Now lay across that table RIGHT NOW!"

Summer knew that she had no choice. She could not afford for the neighbors to find out about her submissiveness nor could she afford for them to find out that she was a slave to one of her high school students.

As she lay across the table, she was hopeful that Lisa would be kind to her and stand behind her in such a way as to help shield her from Sam's view should he be on his deck. Summer positioned herself in such a way as to provide the least possible visible position for Sam to be able to see whatever Lisa was about to do to her. Her biggest fear and most scary scenario was that Sam had seen everything that had happened and that he would be her next tormentor.

"Use your hands and spread your ass cheeks slut. I am going to give you a quick garden hose rinse and then be on my way," said Summer's new Mistress.

The patio table was round and the only portion of Summer's body that could rest on the table was her upper torso. Her nipples were pressed against the hard wood table while her legs were spread wide so that she could bend over and lay across the table. As Summer reached behind to grab her ass cheeks, she began thinking about how she had gotten herself into all this trouble for something as innocent as sending a picture over the internet on Thursday. Here it was only Sunday afternoon and she had been made a slave to a high school student, taken by her best friend in a restaurant bathroom, spanked with a hairbrush by a waitress, had her nipples and pussy lips pierced, forced to take Marco's cock, purchased all new lingerie and clothes. Now she was being given a douche by her best friend with a water hose in her own back yard. "Oh Summer what have you done to yourself", she quietly said to herself.

"That's right slut, spread those cheeks and let me see those piercings," Lisa continued with her verbal assault. 

"You know that you are nothing more than a slut that needs to be degraded, enjoys being used and needs more cock. Isn't that right slut," Lisa quickly asked.

Summer did not immediately respond because the cold water from the garden hose was flowing into her pussy. The water did bring some relief, but the sheer act of submitting to the treatment was having an effect on her body. Lisa's continued verbal assault, the humiliation of being forced to lay across the patio table, spreading her ass cheeks for Lisa and feeling the table as it rubbed her nipples was bringing Summer closer to another orgasm. "What is wrong with me," she said to herself.

"Tell me slut, what do you need," Lisa screamed.

"Mistress I need to serve and please you," replied the poor English teacher, friend and degraded wife.

Lisa then turned the garden hose's sprayer to a jet stream and began to clean Summer's asshole and crack. Then she moved the stream downwards toward Summer's pussy lips and into her pussy. After a few minutes, Lisa aimed the jet spray at Summer's clit. When she could not hit it directly, she told Summer to turn over onto her back and spread her cunt lips.

Because of the size of the table, only Summer's back would fit on the table. To lie comfortably across it, Summer had to spread her legs to balance herself with her hanging off the other side. Of course this was exactly what Lisa wanted because she could now direct the jet spray for the hose straight at Summer's clit. 

"Spread those cunt lips Slut. I want to be able to see that erect clit of yours," Lisa said to her poor English teacher friend.

Once Summer had spread her cunt lips to the satisfaction of Lisa, she felt the jet spray from the garden hose directed onto her clit. She jumped at the intensity, but did not make a move off of the table. Lisa was looking directly at Summer's clit to make sure her aim was spot on. What Lisa did not know at the time was that over her shoulder, Sam Johnson was taking in the whole scene. In his wildest imagination and fantasies about Summer, he could have never envisioned such a sight.

As Sam continued to watch, he saw Lisa circle around Summer and place her pussy right on his neighbor's mouth. He could see that the stream of water was pointed directly at Summer's cunt and he saw Summer's tongue begin to flick Lisa's pussy. It wasn't too long before Lisa saw Summer writhing in the throes of another orgasm. Watching her cum and feeling Summer's tongue on her clit was bringing Lisa closer to an orgasm herself. Just then, Lisa felt hands on her breasts as Steve had rejoined her on the patio. That was all she needed as she ground her pussy down onto Summer's mouth and tongue. It was over in seconds, but just as large an explosion as her first one.

"Now slut, I want you to continue to lie on the table that way, except I want you to spread your legs further apart," Summer hear her mistress say.

"Steve, go and get another Corona and bring the Patron back with you," Lisa said to her husband.

When Steve returned, Lisa said to him, "Put the bottle in the slut's cunt and make sure that it is buried all the way in."

As Steve knelt between her legs, Summer felt the cold bottle begin to slide into her now over stimulated pussy. As Steve continued to push the bottle into her cunt, Summer could feel its cold contents begin to flow into her pussy. Summer then felt Lisa forcing her mouth open and she could taste the tequila as it was poured into her mouth. Summer tried to close her mouth, but Lisa quickly slapped her across the face. Summer immediately opened her mouth. The tequila was burning her mouth and throat, but she dare not close her mouth.


Once Lisa was satisfied that an appropriate amount of tequila had found its way into Summer's mouth, she instructed her slut to begin rubbing her clit and to fuck her pussy with the bottle. As if she had no mind of her own, Summer grabbed the bottom of the bottle and began to fuck her now beer soaked pussy. She heard Lisa continue to degrade her by telling her that she was such a slut and today was only the beginning her servitude to her Mistress.

All the while Sam Johnson continued to observe the degradation of his beautiful neighbor. He continually checked his video camera to make sure that the scene was in focus, that he had not run out of space on the digital card and that he still had battery power.

As Summer neared another orgasm, she felt Lisa's hands begin to squeeze and grope her tender breasts and nipples. Lisa was careful not to pull on the nipples too hard because she knew that they would be too sore tomorrow for her to even wear a bra. But, she felt pretty sure that Master T had big plans for his English teacher slut.

Lisa then told Summer that it was time for her to cum. But before she could cum, she had to force the bottle all the way into her pussy. To aid in her efforts, Lisa and Steve each grabbed one of Summer's legs and pulled them out and upwards. This accomplished two things. First it spread Summer's pussy even more and it also allowed Sam Johnson a better view of his poor neighbor's pussy. Lisa had seen him peeking over the edge of his deck and wanted to make sure that he knew how submissive Summer was and that she was Summer's Mistress.

Finally able to work the bottle almost completely into her pussy, Summer was rewarded with the words, "Cum now slut."

Summer writhed against the table while furiously rubbing her clit. She had forced the bottle as far as she could into her pussy and held it there while she manipulated her clit. Summer tried to pull her legs up to her chest, but her tormentors held her firmly in their grasp. Summer began to buck against her fingers and let out a loud and audible, "I am cumming.....oh God it feels good!"

Lisa and Steve released Summer's legs and assisted her in putting them firmly onto the patio floor. Summer remained laying across the table with her head off of the end of the table. As she opened her eyes, Summer was still looking straight up at Lisa's clean shaven pussy that was wet with her saliva. She could see Steve looking down at her with lust in his eyes and a bulge in his pants.

Summer was awakened from her orgasmic stupor by Lisa, "Slut, it is time for us to leave as we have a party to go to. You can get up now and you are free to do whatever your body will allow. But, you are not to wear any clothes the rest of the day."

With that, Lisa and Steve stepped back into the house and gathered their belongings. Summer followed them into the house, but nothing was said. 

As Steve and Lisa headed for the front door, Lisa turned and motioned for Summer to join them. When Summer was next to them, Lisa grabbed Summer around the waist and drew her to her. Summer's breasts were pinned against her best friend now her mistress' breasts. Lisa drew Summer's lips to hers and planted a full throat kiss on her best friend, now slave.

When she finished her kiss, Lisa turned Summer towards Steve who gave her an even deeper kiss by drawing her closer to him by grabbing her ass cheeks that still stung from the spanking Lisa had administered earlier. Steve's kiss was both passionate and aggressive. His tongue searched for Summer's and she was very inclined to kiss him back. She felt like it was the first time that she had been treated kindly and she was enjoying the kiss. 

Summer's feelings were interrupted when Lisa said, "That is enough Steve. We have to leave and the slut needs to clean up her house."

With that Steve and Lisa were out the door leaving Summer standing there completely naked, fully satisfied and also with a nagging need to be used. "Who am I really," Summer said to herself.


