Summer's Blackmail Ch. 08
bywilcox010©
Summer Wayne, a high school English teacher, has fallen under the direction of a high school student after he has discovered her recent postings at a public website. The poor English teacher has just finished a weekend where she has received piercings in her ear, nipples and pussy lips. She has been forced to buy a complete new wardrobe that is both sexy and tight fitting, which is not what she would ever wear to school. Summer's best friend has discovered her submissiveness and has planned to take complete control of her mind and body. Summer's Master, has plans for his new slave beginning with school on Monday.

********************

Summer, still feeling the effects of the beer, tequila and the sex with Lisa and Steve stumbled to her bedroom. She could not believe that her Sunday afternoon had seen her be subjected to domination by her best friend and her husband. To make matters worse, Summer was sure that her next door neighbor, Sam Johnson had seen the whole episode as Lisa forced her deeper into submission. Summer was confused by how her body reacted to the insults, degradation and forced sex. As she lay her head down onto her Egyptian cotton pillow case, Summer's hands began to roan over her body, first stopping to tweak her erect and pierced nipples. As she became more aroused, her right hand found her hardening clit that continued to be stimulated by the events of the day.

Summer's hands were working their magic on her body and it did not take much effort to have her on the brink of yet another orgasm. Just as she reached the edge, Summer's cell phone buzzed. "Damn, who the hell can that be at this time of the night," she quietly said to herself. 

Summer looked at the phone and saw Master T's name pop up on her phone id. Summer hesitated for a few more rings as she pondered whether or not to answer the phone. Just then the buzzing stopped and Summer smiled to herself believing that she had avoided a late night confrontation from her young Master.

Summer was jolted from her deep sleep by the morning alarm clock and its aggravating buzz at her customary 5:30 AM wake up. She hit the snooze for ten more minutes of rest before she started her day. When the alarm sounded its aggravating tone again, Summer hit the off button and crawled out of bed. As she walked into the bathroom to empty her bladder, Summer looked into the mirror and she was stunned by the size of her nipples and how the piercings made them look so much more profound. After relieving herself, Summer walked up to the mirror and gave each nipple a tweak and examined the reaction each had to her touch. She paid particular attention to the piercings hoping to find a way to remove them. But, the size of the bars on each end was too large and she remembered the soldering job performed by Marcos in his shop.

Summer slipped on her white silk robe, her house slippers with the one inch heels and headed for the kitchen for her first cup of coffee. On her way to the kitchen, Summer went out onto her porch to retrieve the morning newspaper. Because hers and James' house sat so far from the street, they paid the paper boy a little extra to place it on their porch each morning. Summer thought it was strange that the paper was propped against the door, but she thought nothing more about it.

As Summer reached the kitchen, the aroma from her dark South American coffee beans pleasantly filled her nostrils. She added half and half creamer, took the paper from its plastic wrap and opened it to read. That is when she found the manila envelop. On the outside of the envelop were the chilling words, "SLUT, YOU DID NOT ANSWER YOUR PHONE LAST NIGHT. CALL ME IMMEDIATELY BEFORE YOU OPEN THIS ENVELOP."

"Oh my god," was all Summer could say.

Without taking a sip of her coffee, Summer headed for the bedroom to retrieve her cell phone. She saw the missed call reflected on the touch screen of the phone and her whole body shuddered with fear of what may happen to her. As her fingers pressed the speed dial number for Master T, tears welled up in Summer's eyes as the reality of her situation once again thrust upon her.

Master T simply answered, "What took you so long to call me slut?"

Summer did not know what to say other than, "Master T, I only just now found your note. I went to sleep last night and did not hear your call."

"Because of your non-compliance and refusal to take my call, I have taken the liberty of posting several pictures to an email and have sent it to you. Go to your home computer, take the envelope with you and call me when you have opened my email. Do not open the envelope," and Master T hung up.

Summer stumbled down the hall way to the office that was just off her the master bedroom. The office consisted of the desk that she shared with her husband James, two wing back chairs, a credenza and pictures of her family from various trips they had taken together. She logged onto the computer and opened her email. Summer called Master T as she had been directed.

Master T, answered in a harsh tone, "Slut have you opened your email from me?" Summer quickly replied that she had. Master T then instructed her to read the email and then call him after she had complied with the emailed instructions.

The email read:

"Slut, you have disobeyed me for the last time. You knew that you were to talk to me before you went to bed last night to get your instructions for today. But because you are a worthless cunt, I have had to send you this email and driven across town to give you instructions for your fist day in school as my slut. Your first day was going to be a little easier, but now things are different. Your non-compliance has forced me to alter my plans for you and your servitude at school. You may now open the envelope and read its contents for further instructions." The email was signed Master T

Before she could open the envelope, Summer had to compose herself. She had woken up with a better feeling about herself and the he that Master T would not interfere with her morning routine. She was not naïve enough to think that he was done with her, but she had been hopeful to drink her morning coffee and prepare for her day.

Summer opened the envelope and she poured its contents onto the desk in the office. The manila envelope contained two smaller envelopes. She looked at both of the envelopes and as she expected, they were to be opened in order. She opened the envelope marked "Open First". The envelope contained several folded sheets of paper. As she opened them she realized that they were pictures downloaded from a camera and printed on regular stock paper. The pictures were of her and Sarah from Saturday at Marcos' piercing salon. One of the pictures plainly reflected Summer's face buried in Sarah's pussy, the second showed her lying on the table playing with her pussy with the gold lip rings clearly visible and the third picture showed her with a cock jammed down her throat with her eyes wide open. 

Summer opened the second envelope and was almost relieved to find only a one page letter written by Master T. It began, "Slut, you have seen some obvious proof that you are a slut, that you enjoy being made to please and that you have no will of your own. Unfortunately, you do not fully grasp the depth of your submission. So, today we will begin re-enforcing your position of a complete submissive slut and my position as your Master. You are to get dressed in the black skirt and white blouse that you purchased on Saturday. You are to wear the yellow see through bra and thong panties along with the black garter belt and back seamed hose. You are to wear the four inch black pumps. You are to apply a heavy amount of make-up so as to highlight your eyes and cheeks. Your lips must be covered by your reddest lipstick. Finally, you will make sure that your hair is wildly styled making sure that your new left ear piercing is visible all day. You will meet me in your class room at 6:30 AM. Do not be late." 

Summer raised her hand to her mouth when she realized that it was now 5:45 AM and the drive to the school took her fifteen minutes. She quickly shut the computer down, took the pictures and tore them up. Summer ran down the hall to the bedroom and quickly took a shower to wash the cum stains from the day before. The water caused her nipples to become even more erect. After her shower, Summer quickly applied her make-up the way Master T had demanded by paying particular attention to her eyelids and giving them a dark blue tint to highlight her eyes. Ordinarily, Summer would take a great deal of time in transforming her hair from a weekend style that was free and flowing to the conservative bun she usually wore at school. But today, she used lots of hair spray and mousse to force her hair to hold its place and allow her gold loop earring with the three red beads to be clearly seen.

When Summer was satisfied that she had met Master T's requirements, she quickly slipped on her garter belt, adjusted the clasp and attached the black back seamed hose first to her right leg and then to her left leg. Once she was satisfied that the seams were straight, she pulled on her yellow string thong. Summer noticed that the thong seemed to touch her clit and spread her pussy lips. She looked down and the new lip rings were clearly visible. Summer adjusted the thin material of the thong and was able to slide the gold rings inside the material. Next Summer slipped on the matching yellow bra. Immediately Summer noticed that the material of the bra made it quite obvious that her nipples had piercings and that her nipples were very prominent as they stood very erect, which she was sure is why Todd had ordered her to wear the yellow lingerie. Summer told herself to not worry about that right now and get dressed.

Summer quickly slid the white blouse on and believed that it was almost see through. As she stood before the bathroom mirror, Summer began buttoning the blouse and it was quite possible that anyone paying just the slightest attention to her would be able to make out the details of her nipples and would almost certainly be able to see the gold rod piercings. Summer quickly grabbed the black skirt and slipped it on. Immediately Summer knew why Master T had requested this particular skirt. The slits on the sides stopped at just below the lace tops of her hose and would not be noticeable when she stood, but when she was seated, Summer was sure that anyone would be able to see the very tops of the lace of the hose. The skirt was very tight and would cause her all kinds of trouble walking the halls of the school.

Summer gathered her make up into her daily bag, grabbed her wooden brush, checked her hair one more time and rand down the hall. As she started the engine in her BMW, she saw that she only had 10 minutes to make it to the school by 6:30 so she knew that she would have to exceed the speed limit to make it on time, hoping all the while that she would not encounter a police patrol.

Summer pulled into the school parking lot at 6:35 thankfully having successfully dodged any traffic mishaps or police cruisers as she roared down the back streets to her school. Summer grabbed her pocket book and school bag and made a mad dash to the school. She was able to get into her classroom in less than 5 minutes, but Master T was not in her room. She looked at the school clock and noticed that the time was actually 6:40 and wondered where Todd, err... Master T was.

Summer was startled when she heard the door to her classroom slammed shut. She turned from her desk and saw that her Master had entered the room. She stared him directly in the eyes and could feel his anger at her being tardy. Summer then heard his first words, "Slut, what took you so long to get here?"

"Todd, I drove as fast as I could to get here. I only now noticed that my watch is 10 minutes slow. I thought that I was on time', Summer replied.

"How dare you refer to me as Todd? What is my name slut?"

Summer began to cower just a bit and quickly responded, "Your name is Master T, sir."

Todd walked up to his submissive high school teacher, grabbed her by each nipple and screamed into her face, "Slut when I tell you to be some where be there on time, no matter how long it takes to get there or what obstacles you have to avoid, DO NOT BE LATE, EVER!"

Summer could only muster a "Yes Sir" as Todd continued to pull and twist her nipples through her blouse and bra. He was being careful not to rip the nipple piercings out of her flesh, but Todd was driving home the point that she would do as he demanded.

Todd released the poor teacher's nipples and directed her to the middle of the classroom, where she was told to take her blouse and skirt off. When Summer hesitated, Todd uttered only, "NOW"!

Summer lifted her hands and began unbuttoning the top button and worked her way down the blouse until all of the buttons had been opened and the blouse had been pulled from the skirt. Without waiting for further instructions, Summer shrugged her shoulders and let the blouse fall away from her body. She placed the blouse on the nearest student's desk and then reached around behind her and unzipped the black skirt and began pulling it down over her hips until it lay on the floor at her feet. She reached down to retrieve, it, but Master T said, "Leave it there slut."

Then Summer's Master ordered her to bend over her desk. Without objection, Summer moved to her desk, leaned over and placed her palms on the top of the desk. She was ordered by her Master to lay flat on top of the desk. Summer was wearing her black garter belt and hose, the yellow lingerie and her four inch black pumps. Summer looked up and pleaded, "But Master someone might come in and find me in this position. Please do not make me do this." Todd's silence told Summer everything she needed to know. As she placed her chest onto her desk, she felt frightened about the possibility of being discovered by a colleague, the janitorial staff or an early arriving student. She closed her eyes and listened to her Master.

"Slut, you have displeased me and that is an unfortunate event for you. I have told you that you are to be punctual and do what I say when I say to do it. Last night you did not answer my call. Today you were 10 minutes late reporting to me. For each offense you will receive ten strokes with your wooden hair brush. Where is your brush slut?" Todd demanded.

"But Master, someone will hear the noise from the strokes and my screams. Please, please I beg you. I will do anything you tell me to and I promise to never be late," pleaded the poor English teacher.

Todd looking down at his conquest replied, "I know you will do all those things and more for me slut. But right now, you are going to be punished for your non-compliance to ensure that the next time you think about not complying, you will remember my lesson to you. Now where is your brush slut?"

Summer told Todd that her brush was in her pocket book. As he retrieved it, he gazed down on the outstretched teacher with her ass exposed for anyone to see. As he moved behind his slut, Todd looked down between Summer's legs and he could see the pussy lip rings peaking out from the thin material of her yellow thong. He put his feet between Summer's legs and forced her legs even further apart. Todd then stepped to the left side of Summer and using his right hand he brought down the brush harshly onto her left ass cheek. 

Summer screamed, but it was a low, barely audible scream. Todd did not dare risk being discovered so he reached into his back pack and brought out the black egg that he purchased for Summer over the weekend. It was a remote control version that was roughly two inches in diameter. Todd walked to the side of the desk where Summer's head was and he told her to open her mouth. As she did, Todd forced the black egg into her mouth. Then Todd said, "Hold that in your mouth so that your screams cannot be hear slut."

Todd checked his watch and it was getting pretty close to the time that the other teachers on his slut's hall began arriving for the day. He rushed through the twenty strokes with the hair brush making sure to mark the ass in the same place. When he finished he ordered Summer to stand before him.

Todd then instructed Summer to take the egg out of her mouth and to insert it into her pussy. When Summer hesitated, all Todd did was begin to pick up his back pack and while looking straight into Summer's eyes said, "Okay slut. If that is what you want it, I will be more than happy to send the emails that are already in my personal and private email folders to everyone in your address book as well as Principal Harding. I am sure that Mr. Harding will be quite surprised to find out that the head of his English Department was having sex with one of her students as well as seeing her actively enjoying sucking another woman's pussy. And let's not forget your poor husband James, who is working so hard for my father's company in Asia. I wonder what he will think when he sees pictures of you with the shoe salesman."

Summer realizing her fate was tied to her submission to her student quickly replied, "No Master, please don't leave. I promise to do as you tell me."

With that, Summer lowered the egg to her pussy, pulled aside the small patch of material between her legs and pushed the black egg inside. She noticed that coming out of one end of the egg was a black wire. She reasoned that it would be used to pull the egg back out should it go to high up inside her.

When she had full inserted the egg into her pussy, she pleaded again, "Master please do not go. I promise to do anything and everything you tell me to whenever you tell me to do it."

Todd turned around at the door to the classroom and said, "Ok slut. We will see. Now get dressed and enjoy your day."

Todd opened the door to the class room and walked away without closing it back. Summer quickly realized her predicament and ran to close the door. As she turned to walk back to her desk, the egg in her pussy began vibrating. The egg's vibrating jolted Summer so much that she had to grasp the side of her desk to steady herself. Just as quickly, the vibrating stopped and Summer realized that the black cord was not for retrieving the egg, but it served as a receiver wire for the hand held transmitter that Master T would have with him today. Summer thought to herself, "Oh my god. What will he do to me today?"

Summer hurriedly pulled on her skirt and slipped her arms into the sleeves of the white blouse. The skirt of course was slightly wrinkled because she had been ordered to leave it in a pile on the floor. As she completed buttoning the last button, the morning announcements for staff came blaring over the intercom system. Summer looked at the school clock and saw that it was now 7:00 AM.

Summer went about her morning routine in her room. At about 7:20, someone from the office called over the intercom and requested that Summer report to the office. All Summer could think about was that Todd had sent the information anyway and that her life as she knew it would be over. Summer quickly adjusted her blouse and tried to pull her skirt down so that the tops of her hose would not show as she walked. The tightness of the skirt across her ass and her four inch pumps made walking a new adventure for Summer. She had to learn how to put one foot in front of the other like the models she had seen on television late at night. Summer got the hang of it by over exaggerating the swaying of her hips, which made walking somewhat easier. She noticed the looks she was receiving from the other teachers, men mostly, in the hall as well as some of the early arriving students. Those glares and stares unnerved, but somewhat turned Summer on as she continued her walk down the hall.

Once she reached the administrative office, Summer was surprised by the number of students in the office as well as the number of adults, some parents and other teachers. Summer felt all of the eyes in the office on her. She walked up to the front desk and asked who had requested that she come to the office. Shirley, from back in the office blurted out, "Ms. Wayne we have a package that was delivered this morning and that it was marked urgent."


Everyone in the office turned to look at Summer as Shirley slowly walked across the office floor to reach her. As she handed the package to Summer, Shirley was able to look directly at Summer's blouse and she thought she could see the outlines of piercings. Shirley held the envelope a little too long and Summer had to pull it from Shirley's fingers.

As Summer turned to walk away, she heard Shirley say, "Ms. Wayne I love the new piercing that you have. When did you get your ear pierced?"

Summer was both embarrassed and relieved to be able to answer, "Shirley, I got the new earring this past weekend as sort of a surprise to my husband James. He will be home in about a month, and I wanted it to be something that he would love."

As Summer continued on her way out of the office, she felt the eyes of every person there on her. The hallway was now over crowded with students and she could hear whispers and caught the boys gawking at her while the girls all seemed to view her with disgust.

As Summer reached the door to her classroom, the bell rang for the first period to begin. As she walked to her desk, she glanced around the classroom and for the first time in several days, she seemed to have everyone's full attention. Summer sat behind her desk because she did not want to dare give the students too much of a view of her legs and the opportunity to see the tops of her stockings. She began the period by instructing the students to turn to page 210 of the novel they were currently reading as a class project. 

As Summer followed along silently at her desk, she suddenly felt the egg in her pussy begin to vibrate. The strength of the vibration caused her to gasp out loud. One of the students in the first row heard the gasp and asked if she was ok. Summer could only nod and tell the student she was fine. As the egg's vibration continued to work its magic on her pussy, Summer felt her body begin to react to the stimulation and she was fast approaching an orgasm. She tried to squeeze off the approaching orgasm, but it was too no avail as her body paid no attention to her brain and erupted in orgasm. Summer grasped the edge of her desk and pushed her pelvic region down into her office chair to try and suppress the urge to scream out loud. She felt sweat beginning to form on her forehead as the intensity of her orgasm began to subside, but the vibrations of the egg only intensified. As she began to approach a second orgasm, Summer stared intently at the book on her desk paying no attention to her class with every eye now firmly affixed on their English teacher.

Summer was startled when the vibration in her pussy stopped just before her body succumbed to the second orgasm. Summer could not see, but Todd was standing just outside of her classroom and his remote control's range was just perfect to affect her from outside of the room. Summer looked up from her book and found the eyes of her students all fixed on her. She cleared her throat, stood up and excused herself to go to the bathroom. She instructed the class to continue reading and keep the room noise down to a dull roar.

After their teacher left the room, Cindy, the head cheerleader was the first to ask, "What in the heck is wrong with Ms. Wayne?" The girls to her left and right all shook their heads and said they had no idea. The boys in the back of the room were only able to speak about the outline of her nipples that they could see directly through Ms. Wayne's blouse. One of the boys whispered that he swore that he saw Ms. Wayne's nipples with piercing. The other boys just pooh pawed that comment saying that she was to uptight to have something like that done to her. About that time, the bell indicating that it was time to change classes began to ring. All of the students in Summer's room packed their things and headed out of the door.

Summer was leaning against the stall door of the faculty bathroom when Shirley, from the front office came in. She was clearly concerned with the way Summer looked and asked, "Ms. Wayne are you ok? You look like you have been put through the ringer."

Summer was brought out of her stupor by Shirley's interruption in the bathroom. Summer looked at Shirley and said, "No, nothing is wrong really. I just felt a little faint and rushed in here from my class."

Summer caught Shirley giving her the once over taking in the clothes that she had on. Shirley then asked, "Summer, I have never seen you dressed the way you are today. What has come over you dear?" 

Summer looked down and she could see that her nipples were poking through her bra and it was very evident that her nipples were pierced as the balls on each end of the bars were pressed against the material of the yellow bra and sheer blouse. Summer also noticed that her run to the bathroom and her pose against the stall had caused her skirt to hike up above the tops of her stockings and it was very evident that she was wearing a garter belt.

Summer lied and said that she was going to a cocktail party for James' company after work and did not think that she would have time to go home and change. Summer walked over to the lavatory and began washing her hands. After drying her hands, Summer ran her hands through her hair making sure that the earring was still clearly visible. As she steadied herself to head back to her classroom, she pulled at the hem of her skirt, but before she could get out of the door, Shirley asked, "Ms. Wayne I am not sure if you are aware, but your yellow bra is quite visible through your blouse. And, if I am not mistaken, I can make out the outline of your nipples. Have you had your nipples pierced also?"

Summer stopped in her tracks and tried to pose a reasonable response to Shirley's probing questions. Summer knew that she was Mr. Harding's pet and if you ever got on her wrong side, life at the school would be awful. Summer spun around and looked at Shirley, who had a smug look on her face.

"Well Shirley, you are right. I did get them pierced this weekend because James asked me to. I am having to be careful with what I have pressed against the piercings as my nipples are still a little sensitive, so that is why I am wearing the yellow bra. I did not realize that I had worn this particular blouse until I got here this morning. I just did not have time to change," replied Summer.

Shirley, looking incredulously at Summer said, "Ms. Wayne I would have never thought that you would be the type of woman who would desecrate her body with piercings. I think that you are like those women who hang around bars and look for men. I do not believe that that is the type of person who should be teaching at this school. I am afraid I am going to have to tell Mr. Harding about this Ms. Wayne."

Summer quickly replied, "Now wait a minute Shirley. I have only done something for my husband and it has nothing to do with how I teach or work. I am sorry that you find the idea of piercings offensive, but that really is none of your business."

Summer could tell she was walking on thin ice with Shirley because even if Mr. Harding did not really care whether or not she had piercings, Shirley would not let up. Summer had to do something to keep Shirley from going to Mr. Harding. As she moved away from the lavatory towards the door, she looked at Shirley and asked, "Shirley, why can't we just leave this between us. I can appreciate your issues with my piercings and you can appreciate my desire to please my husband."

"I do not see how I can agree to that Ms. Wayne as I just find it too disgusting to allow it to go unreported," replied Shirley.

"Please Shirley, can't we work this out together and not get Mr. Harding involved?" pleaded Summer.

Shirley quickly answered, "I just do not know how that would be possible."

Summer then asked, "What about the piercings do you find offensive, Shirley?"

Shirley told Summer that just the fact that she would do that was disgusting and she could not see how the piercings could be anything more than disgusting body desecration. Trying to find a way to avoid Shirley going to Mr. Harding, Summer thought she saw an opening and said, "Shirley how about I let you see the piercings so that you can see that they are meant to be erotic and for my husband's private pleasure?"

"No, I do not want to see them Ms. Wayne," replied Shirley.

"But, Shirley, won't you at least let me prove to you that they are beautiful and will bring him pleasure," Summer questioned.

Shirley's body language began to give her real feelings away as her eyes were going from Summer's breasts to her eyes. Summer could see a few drops of sweat developing on Shirley's brow so she pushed the envelope with Shirley. "So, Shirley, I am going to unbutton my blouse for you to be able to get a clearer view of the piercings" Summer said as her fingers immediately went to the top button on her blouse. Summer watched Shirley's eyes follow her hands as they moved down her blouse unbuttoning each button. When Summer completed unbuttoning her white blouse, she pulled it open and pressed her chest forward so that her nipples would strain against the sheer fabric of her yellow bra. Summer noticed that Shirley was now just looking from nipple to nipple without even glancing up at her eyes.

Summer looked down and she could see her nipples were erect and she knew that Shirley could see the full outline of her nipples as well as being able to clearly make-out the gold posts of her nipple piercings. She paused for several minutes gauging Shirley's reaction and then she pressed further feeling like she was control of events around her for the first time in several days. Summer says to Shirley, "Why don't you just reach out and touch the gold bars. Touching them will not hurt me."

Shirley seemed to be in a trance. In all of her fifty years she had never been so close to such beautiful breasts. She had always admired Ms. Wayne whenever they were close and she was envious of the way she had been able to keep her body in such fine shape. Shirley, was not an old prude or dumpy in anyway, but she represented Mr. Harding and so she had to be careful about her desires and needs, especially after her husband died prematurely of cancer three years ago.

Summer said again to Shirley, "It is alright. Go ahead and touch each one. I promise not to bite." With that Summer edged closer to Shirley and deftly took Shirley's right hand and moved it up to her breast. Summer then moved Shirley's index finger and lightly touched the outline of the piercing of her right breast and then she moved Shirley's hand across her chest to her left breast where she again touched the outline of the piercing as well as the her nipple with Shirley's index finger.

Summer could see Shirley's chest moving and her eyes darting from one breast to the other. Summer released Shirley's hand, but she did not move it away from her breast. Shirley slowly circled the pierced nipple which made Summer's erect nipple harden even more. Without evening offering any encouragement, Summer felt Shirley's left hand cup her right breast and she began to lightly squeeze the breast. Meanwhile, Shirley continued to touch the nipple piercing in Summer's left breast.

Summer seizing the moment instructed Shirley to pull on both nipple piercings so that she could see that they were permanently fixed in place and that she could see how the nipples would be stimulated by James' touch. Almost on cue, Shirley began to lightly tug at the English teacher's nipples. Summer took Shirley's left hand and slid it to the flesh of her cleavage and then helped Shirley slip inside the sheer bra to Summer's nipple. Summer grabbed the back of Shirley's left elbow and pulled it towards her chest. Shirley's breathing continued to get deeper and Summer could hear slight moans emanating from Shirley's mouth.

"Shirley, take my breast out of the bra so that you can gain better access to it," Summer instructed. Shirley did as she was told using both hands to free one and then the other of Summer's breasts. Now Shirley was lost in Summer's breasts and because of their height proximity, Shirley was slightly bending over to be able to look more closely at the piercings. 

"Shirley, go ahead and touch my nipples with your tongue," Summer whispered. At the same time she placed her hand on the back of Shirley's head and moved her towards her breasts. Shirley offered not resistance and quickly took Summer's right nipple into her mouth. Shirley began tonguing the piercing first and then started to rotate her tongue around the large areola of Summer's breast. Summer then instructed Shirley to take the other breast into her mouth so that she paid appropriate attention to both nipples. Shirley did as directed without any resistance. Summer quietly enjoyed this new found dominance and quite liked having power over a helpless person. 

As Shirley continued to worship the breasts, Summer began to feel her pussy moistening more than when it was first stimulated by the egg that was stuck up into the far reaches of her pussy.

Summer continued pressing Shirley by instructing her, "Shirley I want you to pull on one nipple while you suck the other. While you are doing that, I want to hear you breathe so that I know you are enjoying pleasing me."

Shirley pulled her lips away from Summer's breast, looking up into Summer's eyes said, "Ms. Wayne, I have never ever tasted another woman's breast before, but yours are wonderful."

Just then the bell rang signaling the end of second period, which was the shortened period for a high school homeroom. "Shit", Summer exclaimed as she pulled Shirley away from her breasts. She then said to Shirley, "I do not think we will have a problem with you knowing about my piercings. If you do, I will give you another opportunity to touch and suck my breasts. Are you willing to do that for me Shirley?" 

Shirley quickly responded, "Yes Ms. Wayne, it will be our little secret."

The two women smiled at one another and Summer quickly buttoned her blouse, tucked it into her tight black , checked her make-up to make sure it had not be smeared by her bathroom encounter, checked her hair to make sure the earring was still visible and then gave Shirley a hug as she headed out of the bathroom. Summer smiled to herself and thought that she might have some fun at Shirley's expense some time in the near future. It was nice to be able to force someone to do something for her pleasure for a change.

Just as she entered the class room, the egg in Summer's pussy went off. She grabbed the door frame and was thankful that the students had already left for their third period classes. Summer had a planning period right now so she would not be disturbed by any students. But, Summer's tormentor entered the classroom right behind her as the egg was continuing to work its magic on her pussy. 

Todd placed his hand on Summer's back and moved her towards her desk. Once she reached the edge of the desk, Todd applied pressure to force Summer onto her belly flat down on the desk. As Summer's breasts touched the desk, she could feel Todd between her legs placing his feet against the insides of her feet as he applied pressure to force her legs open. Because of the tightness of the skirt, Todd had to set the controller down onto Summer's desk so that he could use both hands to pull the skirt up over her hips.

Once Todd was satisfied that he had complete access to his slut teacher's ass, he turned off the vibrating egg buried deep in his teacher's pussy. When she realized that the egg was no longer vibrating, Summer let out a soft moan and quickly said, "Master please turn it back on as I am so close to coming."

Todd said nothing as he stepped away from the very tempting ass displayed before him. He reached into his back pack and pulled out a red Sharpie medium point pen and he quickly wrote in block print letters, "I am" on Summer's left ass cheek and "A Slut" on her right ass cheek. He then pulled his handy digital camera out of the back pack and began taking pictures of his outstretched teacher.

Summer, realizing that she was once again being subjected to degrading pictures said to her tormenter, "Master, please don't take anymore pictures. Don't you have enough already?" 

All Todd did was to walk around to the end of the desk where his English teacher slut's head was, unzipped his pants, pulled out his now fully erect cock and instructed his slut to raise her head up off the desk and suck his cock. With his camera, Todd was able to catch Summer's opened mouth just as his cock slide forward. He glanced at the view finder on the back of the camera and he was quite pleased with the image of his cock resting on his slut's lips.

Todd began fucking his cock in and out of his slut's mouth and as he grew nearer to orgasm, he reached down and picked up the remote controller for the egg in Summer's pussy. He flicked the switch on to level 10 on the controller and he immediately saw Summer's hips press down hard against her desk. He could feel her moaning around his cock that was now deep down his slut teacher's mouth.

Summer began sucking on her Master's cock in rhythm with the vibration in her pussy and her hips as she fucked down against her desk. The vibration in her pussy was drawing her ever closer to orgasm, but she remembered that she was not allowed to cum unless she was given permission by her Master. The vibrations were getting her ever closer to the point where she would not be able to control her orgasm.

Todd saw that Summer's hips were pressing hard down against her desk and he guessed that she was very close to orgasm because of the deep moans emanating from around his cock in his slut teacher's mouth. 

Todd pulled his cock out of his teacher's mouth with some difficulty as Summer did not want to let it go. He heard her moan a quietly as he pulled away. Summer lay her head back down onto the desk and concentrated on the vibrations in her pussy. But, she knew she could not cum so she begged, "Master please let me cum." 

Todd replied, "Not yet slut. I am not through getting my pleasure and we still have 15 minutes before your next class starts."

"Oh Master, please let me cum. I am so close," pleaded Summer.

Todd did not pay any attention to his still outstretched slut. What a picture this was: his teacher laying face down on her desk, her skirt pulled up over her hips, yellow thong stretched tightly against her pussy lips, the gold ring pussy lip piercings quite visible and the hand drawn tattoo on her ass cheeks.

"No slut, I am not through with you yet. Do not cum or you will be very sorry," said Todd as he slid back between Summer's spread legs.

Todd reached down and pulled the thin material of the thong and rubbed his fingers against his slut's pussy lips. The juices from her pussy had soaked the small crotch of the thong and he was able to soak the middle finger of his right hand. He moved the finger to the poor slut's anal passageway and slowly began to insert his finger. He pulled the finger back out and once again soaked it with the teacher's pussy juices. When he was fully satisfied, Todd inserted the middle finger back into Summer's ass and began to slide the finger in and out of the puckered ass hole. Summer realized that the anal stimulation was bringing her ever closer to orgasm began pumping her ass against Todd's finger and hand.

Todd withdrew his finger and pressed the tip of his cock against the puckered lips of his teacher's ass hole. Summer pleaded for him to stop, but Todd continued to press against the poor teacher's ass hole. His cock head suddenly slipped inside and in a matter of seconds Todd was able to slide his cock all the way into his slut's ass.

Combined with the increasing sensation from the vibrating egg and Todd's cock now fully imbedded into her ass, Summer pleaded again, "Master, please let me cum."




Todd did not say anything as he started to ram his cock into his slut's ass and he could feel his orgasm approaching. As Todd slammed the full length of his eight inch cock into his slut's ass, he said, "You can cum now slut!"

Summer erupted in orgasm and her moans became louder and louder. She did not even wonder if the door to her classroom was closed or not as she had to cum. 

As soon as Summer finished cumming, Todd turned the vibrating egg off and pulled his cock out of his slut's ass. He walked back around to the front of the desk and forced his cock back into his slut's mouth. Summer could taste the juices from her ass on Todd's cock and the thought almost made her vomit, but she opened her mouth willingly as she did not want to be punished further. Summer began thinking about the ticking clock that was drawing her next class closer to arrival. She could only imagine what the scene would look like to anyone who came in and how her life as a teacher would suddenly end.

Summer began sucking Todd's cock in earnest hoping to make him cum so that she could get ready for her class. Summer could feel Todd's cock getting harder and just as he was beginning to cum, he suddenly pulled out of his slut's mouth and shot his cum onto her face and neck. He could see cum on her lips, chin and how it ran down her neck. He quickly pulled the camera out of the front pocket of his shirt and caught the details of Summer's humiliation. Perfect he thought.

As Todd put his cock away, Summer began rising off of the desk, when she heard Todd's voice, "Slut you are not allowed to wipe the cum from your neck or desk. You can lick the cum from your lips and mouth, but I want my cum stains on your neck as my mark of ownership of my slut. I will see you at sixth period. And with that he unlocked Summer's door and walked out of the classroom.

Summer hurriedly licked her lips and the area around her mouth. She used her fingers to make sure that there was no residual cum on her face and then pulled her skirt down, tucked her blouse back into her skirt and sat at her desk. The bell signaling fourth period rang and Summer heard the halls erupt into teenage banter as the students began changing classrooms. As her class room began to fill, she wondered to herself, "Oh God, what does Todd have planned for me in sixth period?"

