Chapter 9

Summer is subjected to continued dominance by her student Master. She is falling deeper in to submission and is beginning to realize that she is a true submissive, but she is not completely convinced. 

************************************

Summer is still sitting at her desk as the students roll into her class room as the beginning of fourth period is announced by the quick ringing of the four bells. Summer can feel Todd's cum beginning to dry on her neck and she is very hopeful that none of her fourth period students can see it. She quietly gasps to herself when she realizes that there is a pool of Todd's cum on her grade book and she hopes that none of her students wants to see their grades today.

Sitting at her desk, Summer mumbles through the fourth and fifth periods without any interruptions or aggravations from her students. As the end of fifth period is announced by the ringing of the bells, Summer begins to squirm at her desk as she knows that Todd will be coming into the room very soon and she hopes that his plans do not include humiliations in front of the class.

As she was lost in that thought, Summer hears someone clear their throat. Summer looks up into the eyes of her young Master and he is looking down her neck and onto her desk. She is proud and thankful that his cum stains are where they should be. Summer can see a sly smile crease the ends of his lips as Todd makes his way to his desk. Summer felt the egg in her pussy begin to gently vibrate. Summer bit the insides of her mouth to keep herself from moaning out loud. She pressed her knees together trying to suppress the building orgasm that the vibrations brought to her. She looked up and Summer could see Todd staring at her all the while smiling at her discomfort. As she bit her lower lip, Summer felt the egg go still.

Summer went about her class lesson without any more sexual interruptions from Master T. Her Master kept his eyes on Summer the whole lesson, but was very cautious in his outward interactions with his teacher slut because he did not want to share her with his classmates. Todd had heard often how the guys in his class wondered what kind of woman she used to be before she got married. Todd could now smile to himself and imagine that his slut had at some time in her past been quite sexual. 

When the bell rang, Summer's first day in class as Todd's slut was over. As her last student filed out of the room, she saw Todd standing in front of her desk, leering down at her as he studied the cum stains on her neck. Summer nervously waited until he gave her a command. But, Todd just stood in front of Summer without saying a word.

Finally, Summer asked, "Master, have I done something wrong?"

"No slut, you have done nothing wrong. I was just looking at how sexy you looked and how my cum stains on your neck are quite a turn-on," replied Todd.

Todd reached into his pocket and handed Summer a slip of paper and told her, "Slut, this is a family friend's tanning salon. You are to go there every afternoon immediately after school and begin perfecting your thong tan lines."

Summer mistakenly said, "But Master T, why do I need to work on my tan as the first semester is almost a quarter over and it will be too late in the year for a tan."

Todd reached across the desk and slapped his slut hard across the face. Looking into her eyes Todd angrily said, "How dare you question me and my directions. I have told you that you have no choice and as long as you do as I say, you secrets will be safe with me. But, I see it is time for another reminder, slut," Todd sternly told his now cowering slut.

Todd growled at his slut and instructed her to walk across the room, closed and then lock the classroom door. Once she had done this, Todd with fire in his eyes instructed Summer to stand on top of her desk immediately. Summer hesitated just a bit too long and was met with another slap across her face.

"Do as I tell you to slut," Todd said.

Summer struggled to get up on top of her desk in the short skirt and 4 inch black pumps. The slits on the sides of her skirt helped a bit as Summer first stepped into her swivel desk chair and then placed her right foot on to the top of her desk. The chair started to move and Summer quickly moved her left foot up onto her desk. She stood there looking down at Todd hoping that no one would look through the window of her door, though she felt like no one could actually see her desk from the hallway.

As she got her balance, she heard Todd say, "Strip off your skirt slut."

Before she could move her hands to the zipper, Summer felt the black egg explode in vibrations as Todd turned the instrument all the way to the highest possible setting. Because the egg's circumference was 2", Summer could felt its vibrations deep inside her pussy as her interior walls tightened around the egg. Slowly, Summer recovered enough to unzip her skirt and began to slip the tight black skirt first over her hips, past her ass cheeks and then allowed it to fall in a pile at her feet. Summer stepped out of the skirt as Todd instructed and watched as he threw the skirt onto the floor.

The intensity of the vibrating egg was bringing Summer closer and closer to orgasm. Todd looking up at his slut teacher knew that she was close, but was not going to allow her to cum. He had punishment ideas for her right now. Todd turned the egg off and Summer issued a plea, "Please Master let me cum."

"You are not worthy of cumming slut as you have questioned my directions and you will be punished," Todd quickly replied.

Todd turned, picked up his back pack and set it on the desk behind Summer. Todd casually opened the pack and fished out the blindfold that he had purchased over the weekend hoping that he would get the opportunity to use on Summer the first time she showed reluctance to perform as instructed.

Todd instructed Summer to get down on her hands and knees facing the class room. Summer did as instructed and this placed her hands on the edge of her desk as well as her knees. Her feet enclosed in her 4 inch black heels dangled over the edge. Todd placed the blindfold over Summer's eyes and told her to remain in that position. 

Todd stood back to admire his conquest. As he stood there, he started the vibrating egg again and he could see immediately that the egg was hitting Summer in all the right places as she began to slowly fuck her hips back and forth. Todd brought out his video camera and began to film his slut without her knowledge. Todd muted the microphone and instructed Summer to tell him what was happening to her, how she felt and what she was.

Todd turned the microphone back on as Summer began detailing that she had a black egg in her pussy and it was making her crazy as she was hoping that her master would let her cum. Summer told her Master that she felt like such a slut with the egg in her pussy and that the blindfold made her feel even more submissive to her Master. Todd lowered the camera and got right in Summer's face when she said, "I am a slut and will do everything my Master tells me to do."

Todd turned the camera off and stopped the vibrating egg. He instructed Summer to lay face down on the desk, but to keep her ass up in the air. He told Summer to reach down with her arms and grab the bottom of her desk. When she was totally compliant, Todd slipped the belt out of his pants, doubled it like it was an old time barber shop razor strap and walked behind Summer.

"You know slut, when you are told to do something, you are not allowed to refuse or even question those instructions. If you refuse you will be punished. Do you think you need to be punished my slut," Todd asked.

Not wanting to further infuriate her young tormentor, Summer replied, "Yes Master I do."

With that Todd told Summer that she was going to receive 10 lashes with his belt and that she was to count them and thank him after each stroke.

Todd took aim at the poor teacher's ass and applied the first of the ten strokes across the top of both of Summer's ass cheeks. "One and thank you Master," was Summer's reply.

On the next stroke, Todd concentrated on just the left ass cheek and Summer let out a yelp and, "Two, thank you Master," was the required and received reply.

Todd alternated his lashes across each ass cheek. On the tenth and final blow, Todd, centered the belt down the crack of his slut teacher's ass crack with the harshest blow he had administered. An with that, Summer replied, "Ten and Thank you Master."

Todd could see the tears running down Summer's face and pooling on her desk. Her poor ass was a very bright red with ten recognizable whelps that reflected her punishment. Todd slowly lowered the zipper to his jeans, he flicked the switch to the black egg and as Summer's mouth gaped open Todd jammed his hard cock straight down his slut's throat.

Summer did not move, but did make every effort to suck Todd's cock deeper into her mouth and throat. The vibration of the egg was drawing her closer to the orgasm she so desperately needed. Summer could not believe that she was still on her knees on top of her desk in her own classroom with the cock of a student jammed down her throat. But, the vibration of the egg, the lashes of the belt, being blindfolded and the knowledge of the pictures Todd possessed reminded Summer of her situation.

Even though she knew what she was doing was wrong and that she could lose her job as well as her husband, her body was betraying her. The rhythmic fucking of Todd's cock into her mouth, the ever increasing intensity of the vibrations from the egg and the realization of her total submissiveness to her young Master was bringing Summer to the brink of orgasm.

Todd realizing that Summer was close to orgasm took the remote control and shut off the electronic signal to the black egg buried deep in his slut's pussy. Todd set the control next to Summer's face and he began to fuck his cock deeper and more forcibly into his slut's mouth. As he neared his orgasm, Todd pulled his cock from Summer's mouth and he shot his full load of hot jism all over the poor teacher's face hitting her blindfold, nose, mouth, ear and onto the front of her white blouse.

When he had finished cumming, Todd took his cock in his hand and began wiping the remnants of his cum onto to Summer's nose and lips. He instructed Summer to lick the tip of his cock which she did without hesitation.

When he was satisfied that his cock was clean, Todd turned the vibrating egg back on and instructed Summer to rise up on her desk onto her knees. With her blindfold still in place, Summer unsteadily was able to navigate up onto her knees. Summer was instructed to spread her knees wider and to rub her clit. Without her knowledge, Todd had picked up his video camera and began filming his slut while she rubbed her clit and recorded her body's reaction to the physical stimulation she was being subjected to. 

Once again Todd muted the voice sound recorder on the camera and told Summer tell him what she was doing and to beg to be able to cum.

Todd quickly unmuted the sound recorder as Summer began to plead to be able to cum. The camera was recording Summer as she writhed on the desk and captured the feverish way in which she was rubbing her clit. Just before she was able to reach the plateau of her orgasm, Todd turned the switch on the remote controller to off. Summer loudly begged, "Master, please turn it back on. I need to cum Master."

Once she uttered those words and were captured on his camera, Todd flipped the switch on the remote control all the way to its highest setting and instantaneously captured Summer's body erupting in orgasm.

As he walked out of the classroom Todd uttered, "make sure you make that tanning bed appointment slut!"

Todd slammed the door shut as he sauntered into the hallway and he headed for the nearest exit.

Summer called out to Todd, but no one answered. She did not know if she could take the blindfold off because she had not been instructed to do so. But there she was, on her knees on top of her classroom desk, pussy dripping wet, ass sore from her punishment, blindfolded and aching for her Master.

Slowly, Summer began to slip the blindfold off of her eyes. She slowly turned towards the door hoping that it was closed and thankfully it was. Summer slowly and painfully slipped her body off of her desk. She rubbed her ass cheeks and felt the whelps across each cheek and a slight smile crossed her lips as she remembered the feeling of the lashes administered by her Master. Summer reached inside her soaking wet pussy and pulled the receiver cord that was connected to the two inch black egg that had brought her to the extreme orgasm while she was perched upon her classroom desk. Summer placed it into her pocketbook.

"God, what is wrong with me," Summer said under her breath.

Summer quickly slipped her black skirt back on and packed up her things to head out to the tanning salon. She remembered to not wipe away her Master's cum from her face, neck and blouse.

As Summer approached her car, she noticed that there was a note clipped under her windshield wiper. As she removed the piece of notebook paper, she looked around to see if anyone was watching as she entered her car. She remembered her punishment because as she had started to get into her car seat, she remembered from this morning that she had to hike her skirt up very high in order to comfortably sit to drive. With her skirt hiked up almost to her waist, the bare skin of her ass touched the leather seats that had been heated by the sun in the exposed teacher parking lot.

Summer started her car and turned the air conditioner up to full force. She needed to cool the car quickly as she was beginning to sweat just a little and she wanted to cool her ass cheeks.

Summer opened the folded notebook paper and noticed that it indeed was from her young Master. It read:

Dear Slut,

You did a fair job today. I was not impressed with your attitude, thus you were punished. If you do not follow my instructions as required so you risk the publishing of the first round of pictures and now, I have a very nice video of you being my slut in your classroom. When you get home from tanning, check your private email address as I will have sent it to you!

Now, I have taken the liberty of buying you a tanning thong. You will find the thong on the front right tire of your car. I did not have a key to put it inside. Please get to Aloha Tanning Salon as they are waiting on you to set up your regular tanning bed and spray on tan series.

Get out of the car, unbutton your blouse down to the top of your skirt, bend over making sure that your ass is pointed towards the football practice field and then remove the thong from your tire.

When you get back home, text me to let you know that you are there. We have plans this evening beginning at 7:30 PM.

DO NOT MAKE ME WAIT SLUT.

Master T

Summer looked at her watch and saw that it was already 5:30 PM and the tanning salon was at least 30 minutes away. She quickly got out of the car, unbuttoned the three remaining buttons on her white blouse, walked up to the front of her car and making sure that her ass was pointed towards the football practice field, Summer slowly bent over at the waist. Using her right hand as she had placed her left hand on the hood of the car, Summer felt the fabric of the thong laying on top of the tire to her BMW. She withdrew her hand and when she looked at the thong, she could not believe that this was what her young Master wanted to wear. The thong was a small patch of black, silky material with three strings connecting the patch. You could not even say it was a thong bottom to a bikini as no one would be caught at a public place in such a micro thong bottom.

Summer got back into her car and her tight black skirt with the slits hiked up due to its tightness, but she made sure to pull the hem of the skirt up almost to her waist as she had been instructed. Summer crammed the note from her young Master into her purse, put the key into the ignition, raced up the engine, tuned the radio to her favorite station and roared out of the school parking lot. Her mind was racing going over the events since last Thursday. "Could it only be four days since I sent that email and picture," Summer said to herself.

Summer had been racing down the road for about twenty minutes, singing along with the radio when her car screamed through an intersection where the light had already turned red. Ordinarily, it would be ok, but today a police cruiser just happened to be at the intersection. Summer was shocked to see the flashing blue lights in her review mirror and screamed out, "Oh Fuck!"

As she pulled over into the parking lot of what turned out to be an abandoned strip center, Summer suddenly realized that she was not in a very safe area. Looking down, she could see her yellow bra very plainly and her skirt was above the tops of her hose, which made her matching yellow thong easily seen. "Maybe if the officer sees me this way, maybe I can get off with a warning," Summer says to herself.

Summer looked into the review mirror as the policemen get out of the car. She had not noticed that there were two and she could not think fast enough to cover up when she was startled by the knock on her window. She hit the down button on her console and lowered her driver side window.

Because of the dark tinting on the windows, the police officer had not been able to see clearly into the car and had taken up a protective position. When he was able to see into the car, Sgt. Bill Owens was caught completely off guard. He had stopped his share of women that had attempted to get out of tickets by flirting, batting their eyes and even unbuttoning a couple of buttons of their blouse. And, to be honest, several had been successful.

"Ma'am, do you know why we have stopped you," asked Sgt. Owens?

Summer looking up out of the window replied, "To be honest officer, I do not know why you have stopped me."

Sergeant Owens went about detailing the procedure of informing a traffic violation to a motorist. At the end of the conversation Sgt. Owens asked, "Ms. Wayne, why were you driving in such a hurry?"

Summer hesitated a little too long and the other officer stood up from his viewing perch outside of the passenger window and said to Sgt. Owens, "She has some kind of substance on her neck. I am thinking she may have tried to hide some form of illegal substance."

Sgt. Owens then said to Summer, "Is Corporal Stevens right Ms. Wayne. Have you tried to dispose of some illegal substance prior to coming to a complete halt?"

Summer was now scared to death. Her clock said 6:00 PM, she had to get the tan that she had been instructed to by her young Master and now she is being harassed by two cops. Summer replied, "No Sgt. Owens. It is cream from a milk drink that I spilled just before leaving school this afternoon. It ran down my neck and got on my blouse. I was trying to dry both off while I was driving."

"Ms. Wayne that is the worst cock and bull story I have ever heard. If you want to get out of the ticket, don't lie to me," replied angry Sgt. Owens.

Then Sgt. Owens said, "Ms. Wayne, based on the speed with which you were travelling, the stains on your person and the less than convincing story you are giving me, I am going to have to ask you to get out of your car so that I can conduct a field sobriety test on you."

Summer looked up into the reflective glasses of the officer and begged, "Sgt. Owens, I am telling you the truth. I apologize for driving so fast through the intersection. Please let me off with a warning."

"Well Ms. Wayne, I think we will have to have you take a field sobriety test anyway because of your erratic behavior. Please step out of your car now," came the stern instructions from Sgt. Owens.

Summer opened her car door and as she swung her legs out of the car, she could not help but fully display the small patch of yellow panties to the watchful eyes of Sgt. Owens. As she stood up, Summer reached to pull the hem of her skirt down, she heard Sgt. Owens say, "That will not be necessary Ms. Wayne as we will have to search you to make sure you have no weapons or contraband on your person prior to the sobriety test."

Sgt. Owens guided Summer around to the rear of her car, instructed her to place both hands on the trunk and to spread her legs. Because her skirt was hiked up to her waist it was easy for her to spread her legs, but her efforts to spread her legs were assisted by Sgt. Owens pressing her legs further apart with his feet. Corporal Stevens moved closer to observe the search techniques of the senior officer and to get a better look at the breast of this sexy woman.

Sgt. Owens moved his hands from Summer's shoulders to her armpits keeping a slight pressure in his finger tips as he moved his hands methodically over her body. Sgt. Owens then moved his hands under the poor school teacher's armpits and moved them under each breast. He could feel Summer's chest rise and fall with each movement of his hands. Sgt. Owens then moved his hands to cup each breast making sure to lean into Summer's ass with his now semi-erect cock pressing between her ass cheeks.

Summer began to feel moisture between her legs as her body betrayed her brain in reaction to the forced body search. Summer found herself pushing back against Sgt. Owens' cock as she felt it stiffening against her ass. Summer suddenly felt his hands move to the front of her bra because her blouse was completely unbuttoned at the instruction of her young Master. Summer became slightly light headed and small drops of sweat began to form under her nose and across her forehead.

Sgt. Owens' hands found Summer's nipples straining against the material of the bra. His fingers grazed each nipple which is when he felt something hard on each nipple. Suddenly, Sgt. Owens grasped each nipple between his thumb and index finger and pulled each nipple by the gold bar nipple piercings. Summer winced in pain, drove her ass back against the crotch of her tormentor and let out a loud, but audible moan of pleasure.

While pulling just a little harder on each nipple, Sgt. Owens then asked Summer, "What do we have here Mrs. Wayne?"

As Summer heard the question, she could only bite her upper lip and try to conceal the excruciating pain and pleasure being forced on her by the policeman's control of her body by manipulating her nipples. With all of her self control, Summer was able to say to her new tormentor, "I had my nipples pierced recently as a surprise to my husband."

Suddenly, Sgt. Owens released his grip on each nipple, grabbed Summer by her shoulders and quickly spun her around. Sgt. Owens forced Summer backwards against the trunk and then demanded that Summer show him and Corporal Stevens the supposed piercings. Placing his hand on his gun handle Sgt. Owens said, "Very slowly remove your bra and show me what you have attached to your breasts." Then Owens said to Stevens, "Please watch to make sure there are no sudden movements."

Summer started to stand, but she was forced back down onto the trunk top. Uncomfortably, Summer, with tears of fear and submission reached behind and unclasped the yellow bra. As she drew away the garment, Summer heard both officers' low whistles. As had been the plan all along, Marcos' piercings were done in such a way as to cause the nipples to always stand erect.

Summer remained lying against the trunk lid as she was being ogled by both officers. She could see her reflection in Sgt. Owens' glasses and she was quite uncomfortable because she could not see his eyes.

Sgt. Owens continued with his examination and asked, "Mrs. Wayne those are very erotic piercings and they make your nipples stand out quite proudly. Do you have any other piercings that would be discovered in a further search of your body?"

Summer hesitated because she did not want to tell these two strangers, police officers, that she had piercings of her pussy lips. She did not know how to tell them and what might happen if she did not tell them. Summoning all of her remaining strength Summer told the officers that she had also had her private area pierced and that she preferred that she not be examined there.

Both of the officers looked at one another and smiled evilly while looking down at the stretched out woman. Corporal Stevens was the first to speak, "Ma'am, I am afraid that you do not have any rights at this point. You have already admitted to not paying attention to your rate of speed and the reckless manner in which you had been driving. Then your body contained what we initially thought to be an illegal substance."

Sgt. Owens then instructed his new toy, "Mrs. Wayne, please pull your panties aside and show us your piercings. We need to know that they are not any kind of weaponry."

Summer began to cry uncontrollably as her situation keeps getting worse and worse. It seemed to her that no matter what she did, each day brought humiliating event after humiliating event. As she continued to cry, she felt a pressure against her panty covered pussy. She looked down to see that Corporal Stevens had withdrawn his night stick was pressing the black tipped end against the opening of her pussy through the crotch of her panties. Both men had noticed that the crotch to the woman's panties was soaking wet and knew that even though she was protesting her treatment, she was indeed getting off on the humiliation being forced upon her.

Sgt. Owens then said to her, "Mrs. Wayne, either you pull your panties aside, or the Corporal here will split the crotch of your panties and force the night stick into that sopping wet pussy of yours. No do as you are told!"

Fearing that the night stick might cause damage to her pussy and needing to get the awful experience with the police over quickly, Summer relented and slowly moved her hands down to her crotch. With her left hand, she grabbed the edge of the thong and pulled it across her pussy thereby exposing the loop rings piercings in each lip of her pussy.

Summer lay there on the lid of the trunk, nipples exposed, skirt up around her waist, legs spread wide by the officer's feet and her pussy exposed to the two officers. Both officers lowered their heads to look directly at Summer's pierced pussy lips. Corporal Stevens had only moved his night stick slightly away from the opening to Summer's pussy.

"Corporal, why don't you go ahead and insert your stick into Mrs. Wayne's vagina and let's make sure that there are not drugs there," Sgt. Owens said to his junior partner.

As the tip of the stick was placed against the opening to Summer's pussy, the squad car loud speaker announced that there had been an accident in the immediate area and that Stevens and Owens were needed immediately. Summer looking up into their eyes could see the lust and desire each had for her. She could feel the night stick, held by Stevens, begin to be pushed further into her pussy. Each man took one of Summer's nipples and began to twist them using the gold bar piercings. Stevens worked at least 8 inches of the stick into her pussy and then he began to rhythmically fuck the poor teacher's pussy. With each thrust of the night stick, Summer was brought closer and closer to orgasm. Summer could not control her body that was wracked with pleasure and pain as well as the humiliation of the forced sex on the trunk lid of her car.

"Fuck her faster Stevens, we have to get going. I want to see this bitch cum," ordered Sgt. Owens.

With that, each man began to pull and twist Summer's nipples in earnest. Summer began to moan and fuck her hips up against the night stick being forced in and out of her soaking wet pussy. As she approached orgasm, Summer placed her feet, still in her high heels, onto the bumper of her BMW, grabbed the wrist of Corporal Stevens and helped him to fuck the black stick in and out of her pussy. Overcome with emotion, suffering from the humiliation at the hands of the two police officers, Summer exploded in orgasm and for the first time in her life, her pussy erupted squirting her body fluids all down the shaft of the stick onto the lid of the trunk and splashing on the ground next to the feet of the officers who were humiliating her by the side of the road.

Summer slumped back against the trunk lid while her pussy grasped at the length of the night stick as Stevens slowly removed it from her pussy. "Suck this you bitch. I cannot put this back into my belt smelling like the cunt of a slut," Corporal said as he pressed the end of the night stick against Summer's lips and she quickly complied with his instructions and began to like the entire length of the shaft of the long black stick. Once satisfied that the stick was clean, Stevens took the night stick, placed it into its holder on his belt and then he leaned down and sucked the poor teacher's cunt piercings into his mouth as he used them to tug her pussy lips into his mouth.

And just like that, both officers left her laying on her car with her skirt up to her waist, blouse opened completely and her bra unclasped. She only faintly remembered them leaving as they gave her a parting blast from the patrol car's siren to let her know they appreciated her cooperation.

An approaching car startles Summer into moving off of her trunk and to the side of the car. She pulls her skirt down and re-clasps her bra and then tucks her blouse into the skirt without re-buttoning it as that was her last instruction from Master T. Summer glances at her watch and when she sees that it is now 6:30 PM. She quietly exclaims to herself, "Oh my God." She now only has one hour to tan, drive back across town to make sure she is home by 7:30 PM, which is the time her Master said be home.

Fortunately, Summer starts her car and drives down the road about five minutes when she sees a road sign for the Aloha Tanning Salon just up ahead. She parks her car and rushes in the door. A smiling teenage girl is at the receptionist desk and glances up to see the older woman coming in the door with her blouse unbuttoned and her yellow bra completely exposed.

"Can I help you ma'am," says the young girl to Summer.

Summer replies, "Yes, I am here for an appointment that was scheduled for 6:00 PM, but I was stopped by the police and I am just getting here. Is it too late for me?"

The young receptionist glances at her appointment calendar and says, "You are in luck. We did not have any appointments after 6:00 PM today so we can do your spray tan right now."

The young girl gives Summer a pair of protective goggles and tells her to go into room number seven. The young girl also instructs Summer to take her cloths off and put on her tanning suit and that she will be in to take care of her in just a few minutes.

The young girl is a friend of Todd's and he has told her about his conquest. He has instructed his young slave to be aggressive with his older slave, but to make sure that she gives her an excellent tan. Sandy knows that Summer is Todd's new slut, but that she is his favorite slave. Sandy has been Todd's slave for almost 3 years ever since he caught her giving the quarterback a blow job in the varsity locker room. Todd knew her parents and Sandy could not afford another incident where her parents were advised of her promiscuity again. So, Sandy agreed to serve and please Todd whenever he demanded. Today, she was required to give a spray tan to his newest conquest, but she can do anything she wanted to the slut so long as she was able to leave by 7:00 PM.

Because Summer was late, all of the things that Sandy wanted to do to the teacher could not be accomplished. But, she did have a few things that she was going to do to the pretty teacher whether the teacher approved or not. Sandy remembers the embarrassing dress downs the haughty Ms. Wayne gave to her in her senior year and she will exact a small pound of flesh starting today.

Summer entered Room 7 and noticed the hooks on the door. As she started to take her clothes off, a small shiver started in her lower back and went up her spine. Did she know that young girl at the reception desk? Was it something she said or the way she looked at her? 

Summer slipped the blouse off of her shoulders and hung it on the hanger provided by the salon. Next she rolled down her skirt and folded it across the other hanger that hung from the hooks in the wall. Summer sat down in the chair and slipped off her 4 inch black heels and finally she could massage her feet from being in heels all day.

There was a knock at the door and Summer heard Sandy's voice asking if she was ready. Summer replied that she was still taking her clothes off. Sandy paid the teacher no attention and bolted into the room. There sat Summer with her yellow lace bra, yellow thong with her garter belt and hose still on.

Sandy, looking directly at Summer's breasts, says, "Ms. Wayne, you need to hurry up. We only have 25 minutes to finish your spray tan so you will not be late to meet Master T."

And there it was. Summer now knew why her young master had made an appointment for her at such an out of the way salon. Sandy was one of his friends and now she knew all about her situation. Summer was sure that she was in for a rough time with Sandy, but thankfully she only had until 7:00 PM to inflict whatever pain or humiliation she had on her mind.

Sandy looked at Summer, paused to take in her beauty, and then said to her, "Slut, take off you damn clothes. I have work to do."

"Please do not call me that," replied Summer.

"To bad, you are a slut, you are my Master's slut, now do what I tell you or I will call him to let him know that you are being non-compliant," Sandy quickly retorted.

Summer, resigned to additional humiliation, stood up, unfastened first the garter clasps for the right leg and then the left leg. She carefully rolled each nylon off of her leg and placed it on her skirt hanging from the wall hooks. Then, Summer unfastened the garter belt and hung it with the nylons.

Summer started to turn around to unclasp her bra, but Sandy quickly instructed her to face her when she took off her bra. As Summer unclasped the bra, Sandy inhaled quickly in anticipation of seeing Summer's beautiful breasts as well as the new piercings that Marcos had recently given the poor teacher.

When the cups of Summer's bra fell away from her breasts and the straps slide down her arms, Sandy was able to take in the beauty of her breasts and could indeed see the gold bars piercing each nipple and forcing them to stand erect.

"Now take of those yellow panties and lets get started slut," Sandy angrily said to Summer.

Summer slid the string straps of her thong over her hips and let it fall at her feet. Now Sandy was able to take in the full beauty of this sexy English teacher. Sandy then asked, "Did your Master give you a tanning thong to wear?"

All Summer did was to reach into her purse and bring out the black string thong which could only be used in the privacy of a salon as no woman would wear such a thing in public.

"Go ahead and put it on so we can get started," Sandy ordered.

Summer slipped her feet through the garment and then slid it up her legs. She had to bend over which made her uncomfortable as her breasts swayed almost in Sandy's face. Once the thong was on her hips she knew why her Master had picked out such a small item for her to wear. The material in the crotch was not wide enough to cover her pussy lips as the material simply slid between her lips and fully exposed her lips as well as the two rings that pierced each of her pussy lips.

Sandy then said, "Oh, I see you have been to Marcos. Did he give you ear piercings also?"

Summer simply pulled her hair around her ears to show her new tormentor the piercings in her ears.

"Very nice," was all that Sandy said.

Summer was then instructed to put the goggles on and to bend over the table that was against the adjacent wall. Summer had never been in a tanning salon before and did not know what the proper procedure was. Little did she know that Sandy's plan included a little play time with Summer's ass.

As Summer laid across the table, Sandy was able to see whelps rising on the slut's ass and asked, "Where did you get these slut?"

Summer bit her lip and only whispered, "Master T gave those to me today."

Sandy, noticing how the time was getting away, began the spraying process. She had Summer lay flat on the table and to spread her legs. The tanning spray was sort of refreshing and tingly at the same time. Summer was made to spread her ass cheeks so that the spray would form a nice tan around the small strip of material that ran down her crack to her pussy.

After Sandy had completed applying the tanning spray to Summer's back side, she slid up to the new slut and began rubbing the spray into Summer's body. This was not necessary as the solution was quick drying, but she wanted to stroke the new slut.

As Sandy's hands massaged Summer's ass, she became uncomfortable and said, "Don't we need to finish my session? It is getting quite late and I have to leave by 7:00 PM."

"Shut up slut. You will be done when I say you are done," was the quick and angry reply from Sandy.

Sandy looked at the clock and it was now 6:50 PM and she knew that if she did not finish by 7:00 PM she would catch hell from her Master. So, Sandy had Summer lie on her back on the table. She then began to apply the tanning spray to the front of Summer's body paying particular attention to the area around her pussy and those beautiful breasts. Because Summer had gotten there so late, Sandy would not be able to play with the teacher as she had been promised. So she decided to have just little fun with her after completing the tanning spray.

"Ok, slut, we need to make sure that the spray dries appropriately," Sandy said to Summer. 

Sandy opened the door to Room & and then said to Summer, "I need you to walk the length of the hallway to make sure that it all dries uniformly."

"But what if someone sees me while I am doing this?" was Summer's replied.

"I have locked the doors so there is no one here to see you. So, take off your tanning thong and put on your slut pumps and get going as I do not have all night," the young girl screamed at Summer.

Summer was in shock at the treatment and in a desperate situation to make sure that she got home by 7:30 PM. Summer slid the tiny thong off of her body, then slipped on her black 4 inch heels and headed out the door into the corridor. There were a total of eight doors in the corridor with all of the lights still on in each room. As Summer headed towards the front do to dry her skin as she had been directed, she could hear her heels clicking against the linoleum flooring.

As she reached the front door, Summer was thankful to see that no one was standing there or passing by as she would have been easily seen through the double glass doors of the salon's entrance.

As Summer turned around, there was a sudden flash in her eyes and then a second flash. Then Summer heard a voice that said, "Hold it right there slut, I want one more picture." 

Summer froze in her tracks as the flashes from the camera had limited her eyesight and she did not know who was taking her picture. Then Summer heard, "Ok slut start walking towards the end of the corridor as I want to see those tits of yours bouncing."

Summer was so startled by the camera flash that she could not move. She stood and stared blankly down the hallway, but could not make out the details of the person standing at the end of the corridor. "Move your ass slut," shouted her unknown photographer.


Brought back to her senses by the unknown voice, Summer started walking towards the rear of the corridor clad only in her four inch black heels. Summer could fee her breast bouncing in rhythm with each step she took and she could feel her nipples getting harder with each step as the humiliation of the moment began to turn her on once again.

Then the photographer ordered Summer to stop where she was. "Slut, raise your hands and place them behind your head and interlock your fingers," were the instructions of the photographer.

Summer stopped immediately, chills forming on the back of her neck and down her arms, which of course made her nipples harden even more. With her hands now behind her head and her fingers interlocked, Summer felt her breasts jutting out from her body and the piercings clearly visible. Then there was a series of flashes, but Summer did not dare move because she was afraid of what the consequences might be if the unknown photographer was a friend of Sandy's or even worse a friend of her Master. In either situation, Summer did not feel safe in refusing instructions as she knew it was almost 7:00 PM and she had to leave the salon by that time or she would be late getting to her home to meet Master T.

"Alright Slut, turn around and bend over at the waist. You can take your hands from behind your head and place them on your ass cheeks to spread them for my next few shots," the stranger's voice was not familiar, but it was female Summer thought.

Summer slowly turned around and as she bent over at the waist, she slid her hands around to her ass, which was the first time that she felt the whelps that left the evidence of her punishment early in the afternoon.

As Summer spread her ass cheeks, she saw several flashes and there had to me more than one camera. Summer could feel wetness beginning to run out of her pussy and onto her thighs. "What is wrong with me," she said to herself.

"Alright slut, we have enough pictures to be able to use on our new spray tanning web advertising campaign. Your body will be our star. I promise to crop out your face, but I am going to keep the full image as I may need to use them at some later date," Sandy said to Summer.

Sandy continued, "Slut, the string lines on your ass and hips were great, but the thin line above our pussy was fantastic. I have many clients who are going to want to be just like you."

Summer was stunned to find out that she had been photographed and that her body, maybe even her face would be used in an on-line advertising campaign. 

"You cannot use pictures of me without my permission in any advertising campaign," Summer shouted.

"Slut, you do not have any say in how your body and face are used. You lost those rights when you agreed to be Master T's slut," Sandy shouted right back at Summer.

Summer lunged at where she thought Sandy was standing, but she missed completely and was easily pushed against the wall by the more agile and younger girl. Summer was trying to fight in high heel shoes and Sandy was at an advantage as she was wearing her Nikes.

Summer felt an arm grind into the middle of her back and a knee press up between her thighs almost touching her pussy.

Sandy then sternly said into Summer's ear, "Listen slut, you will do as you are told when you are told and where you are told without complaint or hesitation."

"Now get your ass dressed and get out of my salon," Sandy said.

Sandy pulled Summer away from the wall by her hair and pushed her back into room seven. Summer found her blouse and skirt still hanging on the wall hooks, but her bra, thong, garter belt and hose were all missing.

Summer then asked, "Sandy, what happened to my lingerie?"

Sandy quickly replied, "Slut, you address me as Mistress. Who told you that you were allowed to use my name?"

Summer realizing her situation said, "Mistress I apologize for using your name. Can you please tell me where I can find my lingerie?"

"Slut, Master T told me to tell you to dress only in your heels, skirt and blouse for your trip home. I will give you a bag that contains your lingerie when you are ready to exit the salon. Now get dressed and get out of my salon," Sandy angrily yelled. 

Summer slipped on the white sheer blouse and buttoned all but the top two buttons. She then slid the tight fitting black skirt on and headed for the door. Summer did not care what her make up or hair looked like at this point. She knew it was close to 7:00 PM and she had to get home. As she reached the door, Summer saw Sandy standing by the door holding a clear plastic bag and she could tell that it held her lingerie items. 

As Summer reached for the bad she heard Sandy say, "Slut, Master T told me to make sure that your egg is firmly implanted back inside your pussy. So, pull up your skirt and spread your legs so that I can shove it into that wet pussy of yours."

Summer did not even hint at arguing as she simply used both hands to pull the hem of her skirt up high enough so that she could spread her legs sufficiently for Sandy to have easy access to her pussy. As Summer watched, Sandy got down on her knees and leaning in, reached up and slid the narrow end of the egg into the outer folds of her pussy. Then, as a complete surprise to Summer, Sandy leaned inwards and slowly slipped the egg into her pussy and at the same time extended her tongue to begin licking Summer's erect clit.

Summer could feel the egg slip deeper into her pussy at the same time as Sandy's tongue flicked quickly over her clit. After Sandy had fully inserted the egg, she slipped both hands around to Summer's ass and pulled Summer toward her face. This caused Summer's pussy to press tightly up against Sandy's mouth and she was rewarded by a tongue bathing of her clit.

Summer could tell right away that Sandy was very experienced in orally pleasing a woman. Summer could feel her body warming to the touch of the young woman and she was being brought closer and closer to another in a long line of orgasms today. As she reached the edge about to cum, Summer felt Sandy insert two fingers into her ass, which caused Summer to once again cum and spray her juices which covered Sandy's face, ran down her thighs and covered the front of Sandy's tee shirt.

Unbeknownst to Summer, she had grasped the back of Sandy's head and had been using it to press tighter and tighter against her wanton pussy. Summer released her hold on Sandy and then said, "Oh, I am so sorry for spraying you that way. I have never done that until today. Please do not be made at me."

"Slut that is a love juice bath and it was wonderful. You are now beginning to understand and fell the power of submission," replied Sandy.

When she had recovered enough to move, Summer said goodbye to Sandy and headed for her car. She placed the bag containing her lingerie on the front seat next to her, adjusted the hem line of her skirt to allow her the freedom of movement to access the accelerator as well as the brake, adjust the position of the egg and then she cranked the engine.

"Oh my God, it is 7:20 PM," Summer screamed to herself!